<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>
    <link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <title>December</title>
</head>

<body>
<h1>December</h1>

<h2 id="toc_1">Wednesday, December 4</h2>

<p>John had written us with instructions for the coming field season.
 </p><ul>
  <li>We will need to be measuring Composite Burn Index (CBI) within the Swan Lake Fire with a special focus on the response of tundra and <i>Calamagrostis</i> to this fire.</li>
  <li>We will need to treat Sandpiper Lake.</li>
 </ul>
<p></p>


<p>Maura Schumacher had asked about bird cherries in Kasilof. I responded:</p>

<blockquote>Dear Maura,

In that Kasilof beach population there are a number of individuals (maybe 10 or more?), some of them large and reproducing.  There is no standing water, but there is a little seep-fed stream.  I do not think the stream plays much of a role in dispersal at this site; I think dispersal here is mainly by birds. This is in on Borough land, but it is under a lease and you will need to contact the lessee.  I think the lessee had previously granted permission for the bird cherries to be treated, but then nothing was done.  The source of this population is likely a couple of large bird cherry trees on private land above the wetland.

Also, see the observation records at the URI below.

<a href="https://www.inaturalist.org/observations?nelat=60.84462282891534&amp;nelng=-148.58626158007814&amp;place_id=any&amp;swlat=60.100162353960734&amp;swlng=-151.7310980058594&amp;taxon_id=143793">https://www.inaturalist.org/observations?nelat=60.84462282891534&amp;nelng=-148.58626158007814&amp;place_id=any&amp;swlat=60.100162353960734&amp;swlng=-151.7310980058594&amp;taxon_id=143793</a>

The record at Gwin's Lodge would be worth checking out (URI below) to determine whether or not these are escaping. The worst place to have birch cherries on the Kenai Peninsula would be upstream on any of long streams/rivers.  We would not want bird cherries getting into the Kenai River in Cooper Landing.

<a href="https://www.inaturalist.org/observations/3190422">https://www.inaturalist.org/observations/3190422</a>  

Also, I saw small feral bird cherries in a vacant lot off of Lovers Lane in Soldotna near 60.478508°N, 151.075664°W.

-Matt</blockquote>

<p>We received our assembly for birch specimen MBBP01 (<a href="http://arctos.database.museum/guid/KNWR:Herb:11556">KNWR:Herb:11556</a>), but apparently it was not a good assembly because Eric at SNPSaurus stated that, "this is as good an assembly I could get from it."  I downloaded the file for perusal later.</p>
    
<p>I worked some on the Slikok dataset, looking at community data (<a href="appendices_October-December.xhtml#toc_20">R script</a>).</p>

</body></html>