<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>
    <link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <title>Appendices</title>


</head>

<body>

<h2 id="whywasthismissed">2019-07-01-0743_rdp_classifier.slurm</h2>

<pre>#!/bin/bash
#SBATCH --job-name=rdp
#SBATCH -n 1 # number of nodes    
#SBATCH -n 1 # number of tasks 
#SBATCH -p long # parition
#SBATCH --account=bio # account code
#SBATCH --time=1-04:00:00 # requested job time D-HH:MM:SS
#SBATCH --mail-type=ALL 
#SBATCH --mail-user=matt_bowser@fws.gov 
#SBATCH -o 2019-07-01-0743_rdp_classifier-%j.out 

module load genetics/vsearch-2.4.3

cd /lustre/projects/fws/fws_bio/mattbowser/projects/2016_Slikok_project/data/arthropods/SCVUC_COI_metabarcode_pipeline/Scripts

module load java/jdk-11.0.1 
java -Xmx8g -jar /home/mattbowser/rdp_classifier_2.12/dist/classifier.jar \
 classify -t /lustre/projects/fws/fws_bio/mattbowser/lib/CO1Classifier/mydata_trained/rRNAClassifier.properties \
 -o cat.denoised.0001-0010.out cat.denoised.0001-0010

module purge</pre>

<h2 id="toc_1">2019-07-01-0746_rdp_test.txt</h2>

<pre>## Retrying that RDP classifier, this time with a small number of lines to see what happens.

cd /lustre/projects/fws/fws_bio/mattbowser/projects/2016_Slikok_project/data/arthropods/SCVUC_COI_metabarcode_pipeline/Scripts

wc -l cat.denoised
11746 cat.denoised

## Extracting the first 10 records (should be 20 lines).
sed -n -e '1,20p' cat.denoised &gt; cat.denoised.0001-0010
cat cat.denoised.0001-0010
&gt;Otu1
TCTCTCTTCTGTAATTGCCCATGGTGGTGCATCCGTTGATCTAGCTATTTTTAGTCTTCATTTAGCTGGGATTTCTTCAA
TTTTAGGTGCAGTAAACTTTATCACTACAGTAATTAATATACGTTCCTCAGGAATTTCTTTTGATCGAATACCCTTATTT
GTTTGATCAGTTGCTATTACTGCCCTTCTTCTTCTTCTTTCCCTCCCTGTCCTTGCAGGTGCCATTACTATATTGCTTAC
TGACCGAAATCTAAATACTTCATTCTTCGATCCTGCAGGAGGAGGTGATCCAATTCTTTACCAACATTTGTTT
&gt;Otu2
TCTTTCCGCCAATATTGCCCATAGAGGCCCATCTGTAGACTTAGCTATTTTTAGTCTTCATATAGCTGGAATCTCTTCTA
TTTTAGGAGCTGTAAATTTTATTTCTACTATTTTAAATATAAAGCCCCCTAGAATAAAATTTGATCAAATACCTTTATTT
GTTTGATCAGTAGGAATTACTGCATTACTATTACTTCTATCTTTACCTGTTCTTGCTGGTGCAATTACGATACTTTTATC
AGACCGTAATCTAAATACATCATTTTTTGATCCTATAGGGGGAGGGGACCCAATTCTTTATCAACATTTATTT
&gt;Otu3
ATTGTCAAGAAATATCGCACATGCAGGACCTAGAGTAGATATAGCAATTTTCTCTTTACATTTAGCAGGAATTTCTTCAA
TCTTAGGGGCAGTAAACTTTATCACAACTGTAATAAACATGCGCCCAACAGGAATAAATATAGATCGAACACCTCTATTT
GTATGGTCAGTAATTATCACAGCAGTTTTACTATTGTTGTCACTACCGGTACTTGCAGGGGCTATTACTATACTTTTAAC
AGACCGAAATATTAATACAACATTCTTTGACCCAGCTGGTGGGGGAGACCCTATCTTATACCAACACTTATTT
&gt;Otu4
TCTATCATCTATTGTTGGTCATGATTCACCTTCTGTAGATTTAGGAATTTTTTCTATTCATATTGCTGGAATTTCTTCAA
TTATAGGATCAATTAATTTTATTGTTACTATTTTAAACATACATACAAAAACTCATTCATTAAATTTTCTCCCTTTATTT
ACATGATCTATTTTAATTACTGCAATTCTTCTTTTATTATCATTACCAGTTCTAGCTGGAGCAATTACTATACTTCTTAC
AGATCGAAATCTTAATACATCCTTCTTTGACCCCGCAGGTGGAGGTGATCCAATCTTATACCAACATTTATTT
## That ends up being only 4 records, but this is ok for my present purpose...

sbatch 2019-07-01-0743_rdp_classifier.slurm

This was cancelled due to exceeding memory limit.</pre>

<h2 id="toc_2">2019-07-01-0748_improving_identifications.R</h2>

<pre>## Today I want to examine identifications.
wd &lt;- "D:/projects/Slikok_watershed/data/2016_arthropod_samples/NGS_data/work_space/2019-06-17_Yeti"
setwd(wd)

library(Biostrings)

ids2 &lt;- read.csv("2019-06-28-1507_ids.csv", stringsAsFactors=FALSE)

fas2 &lt;- readDNAStringSet("2019-06-28-1504_labeled_otus.fas")

ids2$seq &lt;- as.character(fas2)

write.csv(ids2, "2019-07-01-0753_ids.csv", row.names=FALSE)</pre>
    
<h2 id="toc_3">2019-07-18-0834_tree_making.R</h2>

<pre>## I was working on identifications, but BOLD is offline, so I am working on a tree including all otus to start with.
wd &lt;- "D:/projects/Slikok_watershed/data/2016_arthropod_samples/NGS_data/work_space/2019-06-17_Yeti"
setwd(wd)

library(xlsx)
library(Biostrings)

ids1 &lt;- read.xlsx("2019-07-18-0805_ids.xlsx", sheetIndex=1)

## Now making a FASTA for a phylogeny.
fas1 &lt;- DNAStringSet(ids1$seq)
names(fas1) &lt;- paste(ids1$otuid, ids1$accepted_id)
writeXStringSet(fas1, "2019-07-18-0839_otus.fas")

## The colons were a problem.  Remaking this fasta file.
ids1 &lt;- read.xlsx("2019-07-18-0850_ids.xlsx", sheetIndex=1)

## Now making a FASTA for a phylogeny.
fas1 &lt;- DNAStringSet(ids1$seq)
names(fas1) &lt;- gsub(":", "", paste(ids1$otuid, ids1$accepted_id))
writeXStringSet(fas1, "2019-07-18-0914_otus.fas")

## I worked interactively on itol, pruning fungi, bacteria, red algae, Homo sapiens, etc. from the tree.
## This is taking forever.  I must do some more filtering.
## I am not going to use LULU, though, because I want to retain all ESVs that meet abundance criteria.

ot1 &lt;- read.delim("cat.fasta.table")
dim(ot1)
[1] 2348  126

ot2 &lt;- ot1[,2:ncol(ot1)]
row.names(ot2) &lt;- ot1[,1]

## Now removing occurrences representing less than 0.05% of reads for an OTU based on 0.01% and 0.03% demultiplexing error rate.
rmdemuxerrs &lt;- function(x, threshold=0.05)
 {
 tot &lt;- sum(x)
 print(paste("total:", tot))
 min &lt;- tot * threshold*0.01
 print(paste("min:", min))
 y &lt;- x
 y[y &lt; min] &lt;- 0
 print(paste("Removed", sum(x &lt; min) - sum(x == 0), "of", sum(x &gt; 0), "occurrences."))
 y
 }

ot4 &lt;- ot2 
for (this_row in 1:nrow(ot4)) 
 {
 ot4[this_row,] &lt;- rmdemuxerrs(ot4[this_row,], threshold=0.05)
 } 

## Now dropping low read occrrences occurrences.
droprare &lt;- function(x, min_abundance=3)
 {
 if (x &lt; min_abundance)
  {0}
 else
  {x}
 }
 
ot5 &lt;- apply(ot4, c(1,2), droprare)
dim(ot5)
[1] 2348  125

sum(!(ot5 == ot2))
[1] 1926 ## Dropped 1926 occurrences.

## Saving here.
write.csv(ot5, "2019-07-18-1220_otu_table.csv")

## How many ESVs are retained?
sum(apply(ot5, 1, sum) &gt; 0)
[1] 2272 ## That is most of them.
keeperotus &lt;- row.names(ot5)[apply(ot5, 1, sum) &gt; 0]

ids1 &lt;- read.xlsx("2019-07-18-1205_ids.xlsx", sheetIndex=1)
ids2 &lt;- ids1[ids1$otuid %in% keeperotus,]

dim(ids2)
[1] 2272   26

write.csv(ids2, "2019-07-18-1231_ids.csv", row.names=FALSE)

## Did a little editing of one record.
ids1 &lt;- read.xlsx("2019-07-18-1233_ids.xlsx", sheetIndex=1)
 
## Now going to drop records based on trimming of the tree in itol. 
library(ape)

t1 &lt;- read.tree("2019-07-18-1134_tree.txt")

tl &lt;- t1$tip.label
length(tl)
[1] 2273

## Conforming labels to that format.
ids1$tip_label &lt;- paste(ids1$otuid, ids1$accepted_id)
ids1$tip_label &lt;- gsub(":", "", ids1$tip_label)
ids1$tip_label &lt;- gsub(" ", "_", ids1$tip_label)

sum(ids1$tip_label %in% tl)
[1] 2192
sum(tl %in% ids1$tip_label)
[1] 2192

ids2 &lt;- ids1[ids1$tip_label %in% tl,]
dim(ids2)
[1] 2192   27

fas1 &lt;- DNAStringSet(ids2$seq)
names(fas1) &lt;- gsub(":", "", paste(ids2$otuid, ids2$accepted_id))
writeXStringSet(fas1, "2019-07-18-1247_otus.fas")

write.csv(ids2, "2019-07-18-1247_ids.csv", row.names=FALSE)</pre>

<h2 id="toc_4">2019-07-18-1249_qiime_tree.slurm</h2>

<pre>#!/bin/bash
#SBATCH --job-name=tree
#SBATCH -n 1 # number of nodes    
#SBATCH -n 1 # number of tasks 
#SBATCH -p long # parition
#SBATCH --account=bio # account code
#SBATCH --time=0-00:30:00 # requested job time D-HH:MM:SS
#SBATCH --mail-type=ALL 
#SBATCH --mail-user=matt_bowser@fws.gov 
#SBATCH -o 2019-07-18-1249_qiime_tree-%j.out 

cd /lustre/projects/fws/fws_bio/mattbowser/projects/2016_Slikok_project/data/arthropods/SCVUC_COI_metabarcode_pipeline/Scripts

module load python/anaconda3

source activate qiime2-2019.1

qiime tools import \
  --input-path 2019-07-18-1247_otus.fas \
  --output-path 2019-07-18-1247_otus.qza \
  --type 'FeatureData[Sequence]'
 
qiime phylogeny align-to-tree-mafft-fasttree \
 --i-sequences 2019-07-18-1247_otus.qza \
 --output-dir 2019-07-18-1247_tree

source deactivate 
 
module purge</pre>

<h2 id="toc_5">2019-07-18-0848_yeti_io.sh</h2>
<pre>cd /lustre/projects/fws/fws_bio/mattbowser/projects/2016_Slikok_project/data/arthropods/SCVUC_COI_metabarcode_pipeline/Scripts

sbatch 2019-07-18-0842_qiime_tree.slurm

sbatch 2019-07-18-0912_qiime_tree.slurm

sbatch 2019-07-18-1249_qiime_tree.slurm</pre>

<h2 id="toc_6">2019-07-25-1055_fasta_for_remaining_unidentified_otus.R</h2>

<pre>## I want to make a fasta file for remaining otus that lack identificaitons.
wd &lt;- "D:/projects/Slikok_watershed/data/2016_arthropod_samples/NGS_data/work_space/2019-06-17_Yeti"
setwd(wd)

library(xlsx)
library(Biostrings)

ids1 &lt;- read.xlsx("2019-07-25-1029_ids.xlsx", sheetIndex=1)

levels(ids1$kingdom)
sl &lt;- ids1$kingdom == "NA"
sum(sl)
[1] 110

## Now making a FASTA.
fas1 &lt;- DNAStringSet(ids1$seq[sl])
names(fas1) &lt;- ids1$otuid[sl]
writeXStringSet(fas1, "2019-07-25-1102_unidentified_otus.fas")

## BOLD's ID Engine allows a max of 100 sequences at a time, so I will break this up.
writeXStringSet(fas1[1:60], "2019-07-25-1102_unidentified_otus_part_1.fas")
writeXStringSet(fas1[61:110], "2019-07-25-1102_unidentified_otus_part_2.fas")</pre>

<h2 id="toc_7">2019-07-25-1439_looking_at_IDs.R</h2>

<pre>## Checking IDs, etc.
wd &lt;- "D:/projects/Slikok_watershed/data/2016_arthropod_samples/NGS_data/work_space/2019-06-17_Yeti"
setwd(wd)

library(Biostrings)

ids1 &lt;- read.csv("2019-07-25-1423_ids.csv")

levels(ids1$kingdom)
[1] "Animalia" ## Good.

dim(ids1)
[1] 2182   25

levels(ids1$phylum_name)
[1] "Arthropoda" "Mollusca"   "Nematoda"   "Rotifera" #Good.

levels(ids1$class_name)
[1] "Arachnida"   "Bdelloidea"  "Chromadorea" "Collembola"  "Gastropoda"  "Insecta" 
## Good.

levels(ids1$order_name)
 [1] ""                 "Araneae"          "Coleoptera"       "Diptera"          "Entomobryomorpha" "Hemiptera"        "Hymenoptera"      "Lepidoptera"      "Mesostigmata"     "Mycetophilidae"  
[11] "Neuroptera"       "Odonata"          "Odonotata"        "Orthoptera"       "Psocodea"         "Sarcoptiformes"   "Stylommatophora"  "Symphypleona"     "Thysanoptera"     "Trichoptera"     
[21] "Trombidiformes"   "Tylenchida"
## Oops.
sl &lt;- ids1$order_name=="Mycetophilidae"
sl[is.na(sl)] &lt;- FALSE
ids1[sl,]
ids1$order_name[sl] &lt;- "Diptera"
ids1$family_name[sl] &lt;- "Mycetophilidae"
ids1[sl,]
levels(as.factor(as.character(ids1$order_name)))
 [1] ""                 "Araneae"          "Coleoptera"       "Diptera"          "Entomobryomorpha" "Hemiptera"        "Hymenoptera"      "Lepidoptera"      "Mesostigmata"     "Neuroptera"      
[11] "Odonata"          "Odonotata"        "Orthoptera"       "Psocodea"         "Sarcoptiformes"   "Stylommatophora"  "Symphypleona"     "Thysanoptera"     "Trichoptera"      "Trombidiformes"  
[21] "Tylenchida"
## Another oops.
sl &lt;- ids1$order_name=="Odonotata"
sl[is.na(sl)] &lt;- FALSE
ids1[sl,]
ids1$order_name[sl] &lt;- "Odonata"
levels(as.factor(as.character(ids1$order_name)))
 [1] ""                 "Araneae"          "Coleoptera"       "Diptera"          "Entomobryomorpha" "Hemiptera"        "Hymenoptera"      "Lepidoptera"      "Mesostigmata"     "Neuroptera"      
[11] "Odonata"          "Orthoptera"       "Psocodea"         "Sarcoptiformes"   "Stylommatophora"  "Symphypleona"     "Thysanoptera"     "Trichoptera"      "Trombidiformes"   "Tylenchida" 
## That looks better.


levels(ids1$family_name)
## One Oops.
sl &lt;- ids1$family_name=="Latridiinae"
sl[is.na(sl)] &lt;- FALSE
ids1[sl,]
ids1$family_name[sl] &lt;- "Latridiidae"
sl &lt;- ids1$family_name=="Latridiidae"
sl[is.na(sl)] &lt;- FALSE
ids1[sl,]
## That is better.

levels(as.factor(as.character(ids1$family_name)))
## Better.

levels(ids1$genus_name) ## Nothing obviously wrong.

levels(ids1$accepted_id)
length(levels(ids1$accepted_id))
[1] 977

## Saving this here.
write.csv(ids1, "2019-07-25-1508_ids.csv", row.names=FALSE)

## Now making a FASTA for making a phylogeny.
fas1 &lt;- DNAStringSet(ids1$seq)
names(fas1) &lt;- gsub(":", "", paste(ids1$otuid, ids1$accepted_id))
writeXStringSet(fas1, "2019-07-25-1510_otus.fas")

## Now some summaries.
ag1 &lt;- unique(ids1[,c("phylum_name", "class_name", "order_name", "family_name", "genus_name", "accepted_id")])
dim(ag1)
[1] 978   6
ag1
     phylum_name  class_name       order_name            family_name          genus_name                               accepted_id
1     Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae              Araneidae             Araneus                         Araneus marmoreus
2     Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae              Araneidae             Araneus                         Araneus trifolium
3     Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae              Araneidae             Araneus                             Araneus yukon
4     Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae              Araneidae           Araniella                      Araniella displicata
6     Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae              Araneidae           Araniella                         Araniella proxima
7     Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae              Araneidae             Cyclosa                            Cyclosa conica
9     Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae              Araneidae         Larinioides                    Larinioides patagiatus
10    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Clubionidae            Clubiona                          Clubiona furcata
11    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Clubionidae            Clubiona                      Clubiona kulczynskii
13    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Clubionidae            Clubiona                          Clubiona riparia
14    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae             Dictynidae             Dictyna                       Dictyna arundinacea
26    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae             Dictynidae             Dictyna                        Dictyna brevitarsa
27    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae             Dictynidae             Dictyna                          Dictyna uncinata
29    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae             Dictynidae             Emblyna                         Emblyna annulipes
33    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae             Dictynidae             Emblyna                          Emblyna manitoba
35    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Linyphiidae         Ceraticelus                     Ceraticelus fissiceps
38    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Linyphiidae             Erigone                              Erigone atra
39    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Linyphiidae           Estrandia                       Estrandia grandaeva
42    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Linyphiidae           Helophora                         Helophora reducta
47    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Linyphiidae             Hypomma                    Hypomma bituberculatum
48    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Linyphiidae          Kaestneria                         Kaestneria rufula
49    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Linyphiidae       Lepthyphantes                     Lepthyphantes alpinus
50    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Linyphiidae        Mughiphantes                     Mughiphantes sp. 1GAB
54    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Linyphiidae             Neriene                           Neriene radiata
55    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Linyphiidae      Pityohyphantes                   Pityohyphantes alticeps
57    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Linyphiidae      Pityohyphantes                  Pityohyphantes cristatus
58    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Linyphiidae      Pityohyphantes                 Pityohyphantes limitaneus
61    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Linyphiidae      Pityohyphantes                Pityohyphantes subarcticus
62    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae              Lycosidae           Alopecosa                        Alopecosa aculeata
63    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae          Philodromidae         Philodromus                  Philodromus peninsulanus
65    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae          Philodromidae         Philodromus                         Philodromus rufus
66    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae          Philodromidae         Rhysodromus                      Rhysodromus mysticus
68    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae          Philodromidae            Thanatus                     Thanatus coloradensis
69    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae             Salticidae           Pelegrina                         Pelegrina montana
71    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae             Salticidae           Sittiflor                        Sittiflor striatus
72    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae         Tetragnathidae         Tetragnatha                       Tetragnatha extensa
77    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae         Tetragnathidae         Tetragnatha                     Tetragnatha laboriosa
80    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Theridiidae          Canalidion                       Canalidion montanum
87    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Theridiidae         Ohlertidion                       Ohlertidion ohlerti
89    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Theridiidae          Phylloneta                       Phylloneta impressa
91    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Theridiidae          Rugathodes                      Rugathodes aurantius
92    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Theridiidae           Theridion                          Theridion pictum
93    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae            Theridiidae           Theridion                       Theridion saanichum
94    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae             Thomisidae            Misumena                            Misumena vatia
97    Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae             Thomisidae            Xysticus                        Xysticus britcheri
100   Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae             Thomisidae            Xysticus                         Xysticus obscurus
102   Arthropoda   Arachnida          Araneae             Thomisidae            Xysticus                     Xysticus triangulosus
104   Arthropoda   Arachnida     Mesostigmata           Phytoseiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Phytoseiidae sp. SlikokOtu1978
105   Arthropoda   Arachnida   Sarcoptiformes        Compactozetidae                &lt;NA$gt;                  Cepheus sp. BOLD:AAD2517
106   Arthropoda   Arachnida   Sarcoptiformes            Crotoniidae             Camisia                            Camisia biurus
107   Arthropoda   Arachnida   Sarcoptiformes          Megeremaeidae         Megeremaeus              Megeremaeus sp. BOLD:ACC1118
108   Arthropoda   Arachnida   Sarcoptiformes                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;          Sarcoptiformes sp. SlikokOtu1224
109   Arthropoda   Arachnida   Sarcoptiformes                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;          Sarcoptiformes sp. SlikokOtu2297
110   Arthropoda   Arachnida   Trombidiformes              Bdellidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Bdellidae sp. SlikokOtu1455
111   Arthropoda   Arachnida   Trombidiformes           Erythraeidae              Leptus                  Leptus sp. SlikokOtu1284
112   Arthropoda   Arachnida   Trombidiformes              Eupodidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Eupodidae sp. BOLD:AAL8163
113   Arthropoda   Arachnida   Trombidiformes               Tydeidae              Tydeus                   Tydeus sp. BOLD:ABV1816
114   Arthropoda   Arachnida   Trombidiformes                                       &lt;NA$gt;          Trombidiformes sp. SlikokOtu1712
115   Arthropoda  Collembola Entomobryomorpha          Entomobryidae          Entomobrya                        Entomobrya nivalis
119   Arthropoda  Collembola     Symphypleona           Dicyrtomidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Dicyrtomidae sp. BOLD:AAN5070
121   Arthropoda  Collembola     Symphypleona           Dicyrtomidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Dicyrtomidae sp. BOLD:ACU7232
123   Arthropoda  Collembola     Symphypleona           Sminthuridae                &lt;NA$gt;             Sminthuridae sp. BOLD:ADR9155
125   Arthropoda  Collembola     Symphypleona           Sminthuridae                &lt;NA$gt;            Sminthuridae sp. SlikokOtu1231
126   Arthropoda  Collembola     Symphypleona           Sminthuridae                &lt;NA$gt;            Sminthuridae sp. SlikokOtu2169
127   Arthropoda  Collembola     Symphypleona           Sminthuridae                &lt;NA$gt;             Sminthuridae sp. SlikokOtu536
128   Arthropoda     Insecta       Coleoptera            Cantharidae       Dichelotarsus                    Dichelotarsus fissilis
129   Arthropoda     Insecta       Coleoptera            Cantharidae       Dichelotarsus                Dichelotarsus heteronychus
130   Arthropoda     Insecta       Coleoptera            Cantharidae       Dichelotarsus                 Dichelotarsus laevicollis
131   Arthropoda     Insecta       Coleoptera            Cantharidae          Rhagonycha                   Rhagonycha mandibularis
134   Arthropoda     Insecta       Coleoptera           Cerambycidae            Leptalia                        Leptalia macilenta
135   Arthropoda     Insecta       Coleoptera          Chrysomelidae              Altica                          Altica tombacina
148   Arthropoda     Insecta       Coleoptera          Chrysomelidae         Galerucella                     Galerucella nymphaeae
149   Arthropoda     Insecta       Coleoptera          Coccinellidae          Hippodamia               Hippodamia tredecimpunctata
151   Arthropoda     Insecta       Coleoptera          Curculionidae        Dendroctonus                   Dendroctonus rufipennis
152   Arthropoda     Insecta       Coleoptera          Curculionidae          Plinthodes                   Trichalophus alternatus
153   Arthropoda     Insecta       Coleoptera             Elateridae               Eanus                           Eanus decoratus
166   Arthropoda     Insecta       Coleoptera            Latridiidae         Corticarina                        Corticarina minuta
168   Arthropoda     Insecta       Coleoptera            Latridiidae       Stephostethus                     Stephostethus liratus
169   Arthropoda     Insecta       Coleoptera              Scirtidae         Contacyphon                    Contacyphon variabilis
170   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera      Acartophthalmidae     Acartophthalmus                  Acartophthalmus nigrinus
171   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Agromyzidae           Liriomyza                        Liriomyza equiseti
172   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Agromyzidae           Liriomyza                Liriomyza sp. SlikokOtu253
173   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Agromyzidae          Metopomyza                 Metopomyza interfrontalis
174   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Agromyzidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Agromyzidae sp. BOLD:AAV4890
175   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Agromyzidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Agromyzidae sp. SlikokOtu742
176   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Agromyzidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Agromyzidae sp. SlikokOtu764
177   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Anisopodidae           Sylvicola                        Sylvicola fuscatus
178   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Anthomyiidae           Alliopsis                      Alliopsis silvestris
179   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Anthomyiidae         Botanophila                      Botanophila hucketti
180   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Anthomyiidae               Delia                            Delia echinata
181   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Anthomyiidae               Delia                            Delia fabricii
182   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Anthomyiidae               Delia                      Delia lineariventris
196   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Anthomyiidae               Delia                    Delia sp. BOLD:AAG2471
202   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Anthomyiidae               Delia               Delia sp. cf. SSEIB12031-13
206   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Anthomyiidae               Delia                        Delia tenuiventris
207   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Anthomyiidae            Lasiomma                  Lasiomma nr. consobrinum
208   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Anthomyiidae            Lasiomma                     Lasiomma octoguttatum
209   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Anthomyiidae             Pegomya                        Pegomya geniculata
210   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Anthomyiidae             Pegomya                         Pegomya notabilis
211   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Anthomyiidae             Pegomya                  Pegomya sp. BOLD:AAG2464
212   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Anthomyiidae              Zaphne                           Zaphne borealis
213   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Anthomyiidae              Zaphne                          Zaphne implicata
214   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Anthomyzidae           Anthomyza                       Anthomyza pengellyi
215   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Anthomyzidae        Arganthomyza                       Arganthomyza duplex
216   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Bibionidae            Dilophus                        Dilophus femoratus
244   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Bibionidae                                  Bibionidae sp. SlikokOtu1348
245   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Bolitophilidae         Bolitophila                         Bolitophila acuta
251   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Bolitophilidae         Bolitophila                       Bolitophila hybrida
254   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Bolitophilidae         Bolitophila              Bolitophila sp. BOLD:AAV0668
265   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Bolitophilidae         Bolitophila              Bolitophila sp. SlikokOtu156
266   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Bolitophilidae         Bolitophila             Bolitophila sp. SlikokOtu2109
267   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Bolitophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;                     Bolitophila austriaca
273   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Bolitophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;                       Bolitophila hybrida
274   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Bolitophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Bolitophila sp. SlikokOtu1896
275   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Bolitophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Bolitophila sp. SlikokOtu2141
276   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Bolitophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Bolitophilidae sp. BOLD:ACY4787
278   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera       Brachystomatidae         Boreodromia                       Boreodromia bicolor
284   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Calliphoridae           Melanomya                       Melanomya ordinaria
286   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Calliphoridae                &lt;NA$gt;                    Calliphora terraenovae
287   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cecidomyiidae sp. BOLD:AAQ0659
288   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cecidomyiidae sp. BOLD:AAQ0660
289   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cecidomyiidae sp. BOLD:ABA0854
290   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cecidomyiidae sp. BOLD:ABA6509
291   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cecidomyiidae sp. BOLD:ABW8062
292   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cecidomyiidae sp. BOLD:ACB2757
293   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cecidomyiidae sp. BOLD:ACB9195
294   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cecidomyiidae sp. BOLD:ACC1750
295   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cecidomyiidae sp. BOLD:ACD0553
296   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cecidomyiidae sp. BOLD:ACG6216
297   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cecidomyiidae sp. BOLD:ACH4316
298   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cecidomyiidae sp. BOLD:ACI2971
299   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cecidomyiidae sp. BOLD:ACI6840
300   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cecidomyiidae sp. BOLD:ACK3029
301   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cecidomyiidae sp. BOLD:ACM9927
302   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cecidomyiidae sp. BOLD:ACZ4244
303   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cecidomyiidae sp. BOLD:ADM5490
304   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Cecidomyiidae sp. SlikokOtu1169
305   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Cecidomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cecidomyiidae sp. SlikokOtu196
306   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera        Ceratopogonidae        Atrichopogon             Atrichopogon sp. BOLD:AAG6519
307   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera        Ceratopogonidae        Atrichopogon             Atrichopogon sp. BOLD:AAG6543
308   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera        Ceratopogonidae          Clinohelea               Clinohelea sp. BOLD:AAG6451
309   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera        Ceratopogonidae          Culicoides                      Culicoides obsoletus
310   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera        Ceratopogonidae          Culicoides                Culicoides stilobezzioides
311   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera        Ceratopogonidae           Dasyhelea                         Dasyhelea modesta
312   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera        Ceratopogonidae           Dasyhelea                        Dasyhelea sp. 23ES
313   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera        Ceratopogonidae           Dasyhelea                       Dasyhelea turficola
314   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera        Ceratopogonidae         Forcipomyia              Forcipomyia sp. BOLD:ACC8289
315   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera        Ceratopogonidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Brachypogon sp. BOLD:ACB3015
316   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera        Ceratopogonidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Ceratopogonidae sp. BOLD:ACY4529
317   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Chamaemyiidae          Chamaemyia                     Chamaemyia geniculata
318   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Chamaemyiidae          Chamaemyia                       Chamaemyia paludosa
319   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Chamaemyiidae            Plunomia                 Plunomia sp. BOLD:AAG6897
320   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae         Ablabesmyia                       Ablabesmyia monilis
323   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae         Ablabesmyia              Ablabesmyia sp. BOLD:ACG3931
324   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae         Ablabesmyia              Ablabesmyia sp. BOLD:ACT7851
325   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Chironomus                        Chironomus maturus
326   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Chironomus               Chironomus sp. BOLD:AAC0594
327   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Chironomus               Chironomus sp. BOLD:AAL7315
329   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Chironomus               Chironomus sp. BOLD:AAZ0144
331   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Chironomus               Chironomus sp. BOLD:ACM6478
332   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Chironomus               Chironomus sp. SlikokOtu861
333   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae       Conchapelopia                   Conchapelopia americana
334   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae       Conchapelopia            Conchapelopia sp. BOLD:AAP8992
335   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae      Constempellina                 Constempellina brevicosta
336   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Cricotopus                       Cricotopus sp. 15SG
339   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Cricotopus                       Cricotopus tremulus
340   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae    Cryptochironomus         Cryptochironomus sp. BOLD:AAI6007
341   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae       Dicrotendipes                    Dicrotendipes modestus
347   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae      Glyptotendipes          Glyptotendipes cf. cauliginellus
350   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae     Lauterborniella               Lauterborniella agrayloides
353   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Limnophyes                        Limnophyes minimus
354   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Limnophyes               Limnophyes sp. BOLD:AAQ0626
355   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Limnophyes              Limnophyes sp. SlikokOtu1705
356   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae        Metriocnemus            Metriocnemus  sp. BOLD:ACI3613
358   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae        Metriocnemus                      Metriocnemus sp. 4ES
360   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae        Micropsectra                 Micropsectra subletteorum
362   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae         Monopelopia                   Monopelopia tenuicalcar
363   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Chironomidae sp. BOLD:AAM6264
368   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Chironomidae sp. BOLD:AAN5352
369   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Chironomidae sp. BOLD:ACU6068
370   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Chironomidae sp. BOLD:ADD0660
374   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Chironomidae sp. BOLD:ADR7982
376   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Chironomidae sp. SlikokOtu1314
378   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Chironomidae sp. SlikokOtu1335
379   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Chironomidae sp. SlikokOtu2161
380   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Chironomidae sp. SlikokOtu270
381   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Chironominae sp. BOLD:AAL7346
383   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Chironominae sp. BOLD:ACC3042
384   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Chironominae sp. BOLD:ACC9013
390   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Chironominae sp. BOLD:ACI3437
391   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Orthocladiinae sp. BOLD:AAN5397
392   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Orthocladiinae sp. BOLD:AAV6023
393   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Orthocladiinae sp. BOLD:ACC1222
394   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Orthocladiinae sp. BOLD:ACC2898
395   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Orthocladiinae sp. BOLD:ACL6277
397   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Orthocladiinae sp. BOLD:ADC8193
398   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Tanypodinae sp. BOLD:ACX4854
399   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae            Natarsia                         Natarsia punctata
400   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae   Paraphaenocladius                Paraphaenocladius impensus
402   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae      Paratanytarsus           Paratanytarsus sp. BOLD:ACD0044
403   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae      Paratanytarsus           Paratanytarsus sp. BOLD:ACR4469
404   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae           Parochlus                Parochlus sp. BOLD:ACK4643
405   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae       Phaenopsectra                   Phaenopsectra punctipes
406   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Polypedium                   Polypedilum cultellatum
409   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Polypedium              Polypedilum sp. BOLD:AAC4537
410   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Polypedium              Polypedilum sp. BOLD:AAM6206
411   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Polypedium              Polypedilum sp. BOLD:AAN5344
413   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Polypedium              Polypedilum sp. BOLD:ABV1223
414   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Polypedium                        Polypedilum tritum
415   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae      Psectrocladius                   Psectrocladius fennicus
417   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae      Rheocricotopus           Rheocricotopus sp. BOLD:ACM7368
418   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae      Rheotanytarsus                  Rheotanytarsus pentapoda
419   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae             Smittia                          Smittia sp. 16ES
423   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Tanytarsus                          Tanytarsus aigos
428   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Tanytarsus                     Tanytarsus cf. dispar
429   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Tanytarsus                         Tanytarsus mendax
430   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Tanytarsus                     Tanytarsus recurvatus
436   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Tanytarsus               Tanytarsus sp. BOLD:ABV9271
439   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Tanytarsus               Tanytarsus sp. BOLD:ABW2740
440   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Tanytarsus               Tanytarsus sp. BOLD:ACM9833
442   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Tanytarsus               Tanytarsus sp. BOLD:ACN6175
443   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae          Tanytarsus                     Tanytarsus striatulus
444   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Chironomidae      Xenochironomus                  Xenochironomus xenolabis
445   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Chloropidae            Chlorops                         Chlorops sp. TAW4
446   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Chloropidae       Conioscinella                    Conioscinella sp. TAW3
447   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Chloropidae       Rhopalopterum                 Rhopalopterum carbonarium
448   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Chloropidae       Rhopalopterum                       Rhopalopterum soror
453   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Chloropidae       Rhopalopterum            Rhopalopterum sp. BOLD:ACI8642
454   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Chloropidae        Thaumatomyia                  Thaumatomyia trifasciata
455   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Clusiidae           Clusiodes                    Clusiodes melanostomus
456   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Culicidae               Aedes                          Aedes abserratus
459   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Culicidae               Aedes                            Aedes communis
468   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Culicidae               Aedes                           Aedes diantaeus
470   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Culicidae               Aedes                          Aedes excrucians
475   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Culicidae               Aedes                             Aedes fitchii
476   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Culicidae               Aedes                          Aedes hexodontus
477   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Culicidae               Aedes                           Aedes intrudens
478   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Culicidae               Aedes                             Aedes pionips
479   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Culicidae               Aedes                             Aedes punctor
482   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Culicidae               Aedes                    Aedes sp. BOLD:AAB1098
484   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Culicidae               Aedes                   Aedes sp. SlikokOtu1256
485   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Culicidae               Aedes                   Aedes sp. SlikokOtu1817
486   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Culicidae               Aedes                           Culex territans
487   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Culicidae               Aedes               Culicidae sp. SlikokOtu1643
488   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Culicidae               Aedes               Culicinae sp. SlikokOtu1958
489   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Culicidae            Culiseta                        Culiseta impatiens
501   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Culicidae            Culiseta                        Culiseta morsitans
508   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera        Cylindrotomidae        Cylindrotoma               Cylindrotoma distinctissima
509   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Diastatidae            Diastata                           Diastata vagans
510   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Ditomyiidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Ditomyiidae sp. BOLD:AAP8153
511   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Dolichopodidae            Medetera                       Medetera vockerothi
512   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Dolichopodidae           Neurigona           Dolichopodidae sp. BOLD:ACC7206
515   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Drosophilidae          Drosophila                        Drosophila affinis
516   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Drosophilidae          Drosophila                    Drosophila neotestacea
517   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Drosophilidae          Drosophila               Drosophila sp. BOLD:ACC5507
518   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Drosophilidae          Drosophila                    Drosophila subquinaria
519   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Drosophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Drosophilidae sp. BOLD:ACA9551
520   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Drosophilidae          Scaptomyza               Scaptomyza sp. BOLD:ACG6466
521   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Drosophilidae          Scaptomyza                  Scaptomyza trochanterata
523   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Empididae              Hilara                          Hilara argentata
524   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Empididae              Hilara                   Hilara sp. BOLD:ACF7542
528   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Empididae                &lt;NA$gt;                Empididae sp. BOLD:AAF9792
535   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Empididae                &lt;NA$gt;               Empididae sp. SlikokOtu2000
536   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Empididae         Rhamphomyia                Empididae sp. BOLD:AAP8917
537   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Empididae         Rhamphomyia                      Rhamphomyia barypoda
538   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Empididae         Rhamphomyia              Rhamphomyia sp. BOLD:ABY3641
539   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Empididae         Rhamphomyia              Rhamphomyia sp. BOLD:ACG3627
540   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Empididae         Rhamphomyia             Rhamphomyia sp. SlikokOtu1249
541   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Empididae         Rhamphomyia             Rhamphomyia sp. SlikokOtu2002
542   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Empididae         Rhamphomyia              Rhamphomyia sp. SlikokOtu519
543   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Empididae         Rhamphomyia              Rhamphomyia sp. SlikokOtu949
544   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Ephydridae             Ilythea                           Ilythea spilota
569   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Fanniidae              Fannia                           Fannia aethiops
572   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Fanniidae              Fannia                            Fannia brooksi
582   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Fanniidae              Fannia                       Fannia ciliatissima
583   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Fanniidae              Fannia                      Fannia metallipennis
588   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Fanniidae              Fannia                            Fannia postica
590   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Fanniidae              Fannia                             Fannia serena
598   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Fanniidae              Fannia                   Fannia sp. BOLD:ABY7010
599   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Fanniidae              Fannia                Fannia sp. cf. CNKOD598-14
601   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Fanniidae              Fannia                  Fannia sp. SlikokOtu1881
602   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Fanniidae              Fannia                  Fannia sp. SlikokOtu1956
603   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Fanniidae              Fannia                   Fannia sp. SlikokOtu735
604   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Fanniidae              Fannia                   Fannia sp. SlikokOtu974
605   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Fanniidae              Fannia                    Fannia sp. SSBAE218-13
608   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Fanniidae              Fannia                   Fannia sp. SSJAF3282-13
615   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Fanniidae              Fannia                       Fannia spathiophora
621   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Fanniidae              Fannia                       Fannia subpellucens
625   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Fanniidae              Fannia                          Fannia verrallii
626   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Heleomyzidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Heleomyzidae sp. BOLD:AAG0465
627   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Heleomyzidae            Neolaria                 Neoleria sp. BOLD:ACL9363
628   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Heleomyzidae             Suillia            Heleomyzidae sp. SlikokOtu1810
629   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Heleomyzidae             Suillia              Limoniidae sp. SlikokOtu1301
630   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Heleomyzidae             Suillia                          Suillia apicalis
631   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Heleomyzidae             Suillia                        Suillia convergens
647   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Heleomyzidae             Suillia                  Suillia sp. BOLD:AAG0459
649   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Hybotidae             Euhybus                           Euhybus triplex
651   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Hybotidae          Euthyneura               Euthyneura sp. BOLD:AAF9859
653   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Hybotidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Hybotidae sp. BOLD:AAG6953
654   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Hybotidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Hybotidae sp. BOLD:AAQ0820
657   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Hybotidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Hybotidae sp. BOLD:ACC5973
662   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Hybotidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Hybotidae sp. BOLD:ACX4896
672   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Hybotidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Hybotidae sp. SlikokOtu1004
673   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Hybotidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Hybotidae sp. SlikokOtu1216
674   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Hybotidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Hybotidae sp. SlikokOtu2347
675   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Hybotidae         Platypalpus              Platypalpus sp. BOLD:AAV3699
683   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Hybotidae         Platypalpus              Platypalpus sp. BOLD:AAV3720
714   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Hybotidae         Platypalpus              Platypalpus sp. SlikokOtu424
715   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Hybotidae         Platypalpus                   Platypalpus xanthopodus
716   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Keroplatidae           Macrocera                Macrocera sp. BOLD:AAP6490
726   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Keroplatidae           Macrocera                          Macrocera stigma
730   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Keroplatidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Keroplatidae sp. SlikokOtu1031
731   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Keroplatidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Keroplatidae sp. SlikokOtu12
732   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Keroplatidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Keroplatidae sp. SlikokOtu2237
733   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Keroplatidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Keroplatidae sp. SlikokOtu332
734   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Keroplatidae            Urytalpa                 Urytalpa sp. BOLD:ACO2024
735   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Lauxaniidae            Lauxania                         Lauxania shewelli
736   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Lauxaniidae            Minettia                         Minettia lupulina
738   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Lauxaniidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Lauxaniidae sp. BOLD:AAP8083
744   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Lauxaniidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Lauxaniidae sp. BOLD:ACZ2663
745   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Lauxaniidae           Sapromyza                        Sapromyza sp. TAW1
747   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Limoniidae         Dicranomyia              Dicranomyia sp. BOLD:AAI1350
748   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Limoniidae         Dicranomyia             Dicranomyia sp. SlikokOtu1572
749   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Limoniidae         Dicranomyia             Dicranomyia sp. SlikokOtu2072
750   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Limoniidae           Erioptera                Erioptera sp. BOLD:ABV1765
751   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Limoniidae           Erioptera                Erioptera sp. BOLD:ABW8836
754   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Limoniidae                &lt;NA$gt;                        Discobola annulata
755   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Limoniidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Limoniidae sp. BOLD:AAF8971
765   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Limoniidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Limoniidae sp. BOLD:ADC8285
766   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Limoniidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Limoniidae sp. SlikokOtu1187
767   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Limoniidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Limoniidae sp. SlikokOtu1460
768   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Limoniidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Limoniidae sp. SlikokOtu1547
769   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Limoniidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Limoniidae sp. SlikokOtu1994
770   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Limoniidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Limoniidae sp. SlikokOtu1995
771   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Limoniidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Limoniidae sp. SlikokOtu2304
772   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Limoniidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Limoniidae sp. SlikokOtu2306
773   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Limoniidae    Pseudolimnophila                 Pseudolimnophila inornata
774   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae            Coenosia                       Coenosia campestris
775   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae            Coenosia                         Coenosia conforma
799   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae            Coenosia                       Coenosia impunctata
803   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae            Coenosia                        Coenosia mollicula
804   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae            Coenosia                        Coenosia morrisoni
878   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae            Coenosia                Coenosia sp. SlikokOtu2038
879   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae            Coenosia                Muscidae sp. SlikokOtu2163
880   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae            Coenosia                 Muscidae sp. SlikokOtu367
881   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae            Coenosia                 Muscidae sp. SlikokOtu836
882   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae            Coenosia                 Muscidae sp. SlikokOtu843
883   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae            Coenosia                 Muscidae sp. SlikokOtu931
884   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae        Haematobosca                        Haematobosca alcis
885   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae           Hebecnema                           Hebecnema nigra
886   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae              Helina                             Helina annosa
887   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae              Helina                             Helina evecta
888   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae              Helina                  Helina sp. SlikokOtu1781
889   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae              Helina                  Helina sp. SlikokOtu2328
890   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae           Hydrotaea                       Hydrotaea militaris
891   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae           Hydrotaea                       Hydrotaea pilitibia
892   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae           Hydrotaea               Hydrotaea sp. SlikokOtu1967
893   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae           Hydrotaea                   Hydrotaea spinifemorata
894   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae           Hydrotaea                      Hydrotaea unispinosa
895   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae        Lispocephala                  Lispocephala erythrocera
896   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae          Mesembrina                     Mesembrina latreillii
906   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae            Morellia                        Morellia podagrica
907   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae            Morellia                Morellia sp. SlikokOtu2229
908   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae              Mydaea                            Mydaea furtiva
912   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae              Mydaea                         Mydaea obscurella
913   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae            Myospila                      Myospila meditabunda
914   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Muscidae sp. cf. DRYAS21764-15
918   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Muscidae sp. SlikokOtu1343
919   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Muscidae sp. SlikokOtu1551
920   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Muscidae sp. SlikokOtu1959
921   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae             Phaonia                          Phaonia apicalis
924   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae         Schoenomyza              Schoenomyza sp. BOLD:AAG1777
925   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae           Spilogona                Muscidae sp. SlikokOtu2218
926   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae           Spilogona                Muscidae sp. SlikokOtu2240
927   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae           Spilogona                  Spilogona contractifrons
928   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae           Spilogona                       Spilogona forticula
929   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae           Spilogona                           Spilogona opaca
930   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae           Spilogona                       Spilogona sp. 12AKR
931   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae           Spilogona                Spilogona sp. BOLD:ACR4125
932   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae           Spilogona               Spilogona sp. SlikokOtu1950
933   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae            Thricops                        Thricops diaphanus
934   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Muscidae            Thricops                 Thricops sp. BOLD:ABY7837
935   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Allodia                  Allodia sp. BOLD:AAG4945
937   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Allodia                  Allodia sp. BOLD:ACC5209
938   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Allodia                  Allodia sp. BOLD:ACI6426
940   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Allodia                  Allodia sp. BOLD:ACJ1830
941   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae            Boletina                         Boletina digitata
943   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae            Boletina                        Boletina dissipata
944   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae            Boletina                     Boletina nitiduloides
945   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae            Boletina                        Boletina onegensis
953   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae            Boletina                 Boletina sp. BOLD:AAM8972
954   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae            Boletina                Boletina sp. SlikokOtu2170
955   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae        Brachycampta                      Brachycampta czernyi
956   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae        Brachycampta             Brachycampta sp. BOLD:ADN8722
957   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae        Brachycampta            Brachycampta sp. SlikokOtu1175
958   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae          Brevicornu               Brevicornu sp. BOLD:AAM8961
959   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae          Brevicornu               Brevicornu sp. BOLD:AAP6488
960   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae          Brevicornu               Brevicornu sp. BOLD:ACC4362
961   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae          Brevicornu               Brevicornu sp. BOLD:ACI5637
963   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae            Coelosia                         Coelosia gracilis
964   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Cordyla                  Cordyla sp. BOLD:AAP6493
965   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae          Dynatosoma               Dynatosoma sp. BOLD:ACL3264
966   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Exechia                          Exechia borealis
967   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Exechia                       Exechia contaminata
969   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Exechia                           Exechia frigida
971   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Exechia                             Exechia parva
972   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Exechia                  Exechia sp. BOLD:AAM8996
973   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Exechia                  Exechia sp. BOLD:AAQ3544
975   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Exechia                  Exechia sp. BOLD:ACC3725
977   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Exechia                  Exechia sp. BOLD:ACO2323
979   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Exechia                  Exechia sp. BOLD:ACX9219
980   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Exechia                 Exechia sp. SlikokOtu1639
981   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Exechia                 Exechia sp. SlikokOtu1955
982   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Exechia                  Exechia sp. SlikokOtu887
983   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Exechia                       Exechia unimaculata
984   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae         Exechiopsis              Exechiopsis sp. BOLD:ACI5770
985   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae         Mycetophila                       Mycetophila abiecta
986   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae         Mycetophila                          Mycetophila alea
987   Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae         Mycetophila                     Mycetophila cruciator
1003  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae         Mycetophila                      Mycetophila luctuosa
1004  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae         Mycetophila                       Mycetophila ocellus
1005  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae         Mycetophila                    Mycetophila perpallida
1006  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae         Mycetophila              Mycetophila sp. BOLD:ACC2284
1008  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae         Mycetophila              Mycetophila sp. BOLD:ACI4626
1038  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae         Mycetophila              Mycetophila sp. BOLD:ACI5110
1040  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae         Mycetophila              Mycetophila sp. BOLD:ACJ8367
1044  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae         Mycetophila              Mycetophila sp. BOLD:ACM0447
1046  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae         Mycetophila                      Mycetophila sp. CJB4
1048  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae         Mycetophila             Mycetophila sp. SlikokOtu1552
1049  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae         Mycetophila                     Mycetophila uninotata
1052  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae         Mycetophila            Mycetophilidae sp. CNFNN233-14
1057  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae         Mycetophila            Mycetophilidae sp. SSJAA208-13
1066  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Mycomya             Lepidoptera sp. SlikokOtu1633
1067  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Mycomya                          Mycomya maculata
1068  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Mycomya                            Mycomya nitida
1080  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Mycomya                         Mycomya pulchella
1081  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Mycomya                          Mycomya shermani
1093  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Mycomya                  Mycomya sp. BOLD:AAG4937
1100  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Mycomya                  Mycomya sp. BOLD:AAK8903
1101  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Mycomya                  Mycomya sp. BOLD:ACV7821
1102  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Mycomya                 Mycomya sp. SlikokOtu1355
1103  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Mycomya                 Mycomya sp. SlikokOtu1450
1104  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Mycomya                 Mycomya sp. SlikokOtu1533
1105  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Mycomya                 Mycomya sp. SlikokOtu1610
1106  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Mycomya                 Mycomya sp. SlikokOtu1983
1107  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Mycomya                 Mycomya sp. SlikokOtu1998
1108  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Mycomya                  Mycomya sp. SlikokOtu574
1109  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Mycomya                  Mycomya sp. SlikokOtu659
1110  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Mycomya                  Mycomya sp. SlikokOtu770
1111  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Mycetophilidae sp. BOLD:ADH8013
1112  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu1043
1113  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu1126
1114  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu1188
1115  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu1620
1116  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu1715
1117  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu1718
1118  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu1748
1119  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu1749
1120  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu1778
1121  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu1800
1122  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu1876
1123  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu1922
1124  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu1936
1125  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu1947
1126  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu2079
1127  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu2080
1128  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu2121
1129  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu2179
1130  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu2180
1131  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu2182
1132  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu2186
1133  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu437
1134  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu500
1135  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu557
1136  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu700
1137  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu834
1138  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu882
1139  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae          Neuratelia               Neuratelia sp. BOLD:ACJ0780
1140  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Phronia                       Phronia nigripalpis
1141  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Phronia                  Phronia sp. BOLD:ABX4956
1142  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Phronia                  Phronia sp. BOLD:ACK6383
1143  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Phronia                  Phronia sp. BOLD:ACL4028
1144  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Phronia                 Phronia sp. SlikokOtu1783
1145  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae             Rymosia                           Rymosia pinnata
1146  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae           Sceptonia                         Sceptonia fumipes
1147  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae           Sceptonia                        Sceptonia sp. CJB1
1148  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae           Synplasta                Synplasta sp. BOLD:ACD3292
1149  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae           Synplasta               Synplasta sp. SlikokOtu1363
1150  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae        Tetragoneura             Tetragoneura sp. BOLD:ACB7566
1152  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae           Trichonta             Platurocypta sp. BOLD:ACC5656
1154  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae           Trichonta                          Trichonta hamata
1155  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae           Trichonta                Trichonta sp. BOLD:AAL9147
1156  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae           Trichonta                Trichonta sp. BOLD:ACX5388
1157  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae           Trichonta                           Trichonta vitta
1158  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae            Zygomyia          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu2232
1159  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae            Zygomyia                           Zygomyia notata
1160  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae            Zygomyia                      Zygomyia pictipennis
1167  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae            Zygomyia                 Zygomyia sp. BOLD:AAV4006
1168  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                  Diptera sp. SlikokOtu115
1169  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Diptera sp. SlikokOtu1214
1170  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Diptera sp. SlikokOtu1286
1171  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Diptera sp. SlikokOtu1341
1172  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Diptera sp. SlikokOtu1548
1173  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Diptera sp. SlikokOtu1738
1174  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Diptera sp. SlikokOtu1798
1175  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Diptera sp. SlikokOtu1819
1176  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Diptera sp. SlikokOtu1847
1177  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Diptera sp. SlikokOtu1909
1178  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Diptera sp. SlikokOtu1986
1179  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Diptera sp. SlikokOtu2041
1180  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Diptera sp. SlikokOtu2195
1181  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Diptera sp. SlikokOtu2276
1182  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Diptera sp. SlikokOtu2326
1183  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                  Diptera sp. SlikokOtu627
1184  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                  Diptera sp. SlikokOtu937
1185  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;              Sciaroidea sp. SlikokOtu1650
1186  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae          Gymnophora                     Gymnophora subarcuata
1187  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae           Megaselia                         Megaselia diversa
1189  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae           Megaselia                     Megaselia infraposita
1190  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae           Megaselia                   Megaselia longicostalis
1191  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae           Megaselia                Megaselia sp. BOLD:AAG3234
1195  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae           Megaselia                Megaselia sp. BOLD:AAG3235
1196  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae           Megaselia                Megaselia sp. BOLD:AAG3266
1198  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae           Megaselia                Megaselia sp. BOLD:AAG3356
1199  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae           Megaselia                Megaselia sp. BOLD:AAL9073
1200  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae           Megaselia                Megaselia sp. BOLD:AAM7996
1201  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae           Megaselia                Megaselia sp. BOLD:AAU5627
1204  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae           Megaselia                Megaselia sp. BOLD:ACB1070
1205  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae           Megaselia                Megaselia sp. BOLD:ACC0128
1206  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae           Megaselia                Megaselia sp. BOLD:ACC9898
1207  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae           Megaselia                Megaselia sp. BOLD:ACZ4314
1208  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae           Megaselia                Megaselia sp. BOLD:ADA3078
1209  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae                &lt;NA$gt;                 Phoridae sp. BOLD:AAP6413
1210  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae                &lt;NA$gt;                Phoridae sp. SlikokOtu2333
1211  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae               Phora                             Phora carlina
1212  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae               Phora                         Phora occidentata
1214  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae               Phora                    Phora sp. BOLD:AAG3238
1216  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae               Phora                    Phora sp. BOLD:ACB0980
1217  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Phoridae           Triphleba                Triphleba sp. BOLD:AAL9080
1218  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Pipunculidae           Cephalops                Cephalops sp. BOLD:AAG1658
1219  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Pipunculidae            Chalarus                          Chalarus decorus
1236  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Pipunculidae            Chalarus                 Chalarus sp. BOLD:ACK3338
1237  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Pipunculidae        Dorylomorpha                   Dorylomorpha albitarsis
1238  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Pipunculidae        Dorylomorpha                    Dorylomorpha xanthopus
1239  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Pipunculidae           Eudorylas                Eudorylas sp. BOLD:AAJ0213
1240  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Pipunculidae           Eudorylas                Eudorylas sp. BOLD:ACZ4721
1250  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Pipunculidae           Eudorylas               Eudorylas sp. SlikokOtu2104
1251  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Pipunculidae          Pipunculus                     Pipunculus campestris
1252  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Pipunculidae          Pipunculus                       Pipunculus hertzogi
1254  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Pipunculidae          Pipunculus                    Pipunculus luteicornis
1255  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Pipunculidae          Pipunculus               Pipunculus sp. SlikokOtu762
1256  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Pipunculidae       Tomosvaryella                      Tomosvaryella kuthyi
1257  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Pipunculidae       Tomosvaryella                    Tomosvaryella sp. ON16
1258  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Platypezidae           Callomyia                         Callomyia proxima
1259  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera           Platypezidae         Platypezina              Platypezina sp. BOLD:ACD8933
1260  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Psilidae                                     Psilidae sp. BOLD:AAF9705
1262  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Psychodidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Psychodidae sp. BOLD:ACC1296
1263  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Scathophagidae    Megaphthalmoides              Megaphthalmoides unilineatus
1267  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae          Baeosciara                        Baeosciara scotica
1276  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae          Baeosciara              Baeosciara sp. SlikokOtu1554
1277  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae          Baeosciara              Baeosciara sp. SlikokOtu1805
1278  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae            Bradysia                          Bradysia hilaris
1281  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae            Bradysia                         Bradysia moestula
1282  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae            Bradysia                 Bradysia sp. BOLD:AAH4026
1284  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae            Bradysia                 Bradysia sp. BOLD:ACB0034
1285  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae            Bradysia                         Bradysia vernalis
1289  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae        Camptochaeta                      Camptochaeta hirtula
1296  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae        Camptochaeta             Camptochaeta sp. SlikokOtu394
1297  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae        Camptochaeta             Camptochaeta sp. SlikokOtu445
1298  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae        Camptochaeta             Camptochaeta sp. SlikokOtu449
1299  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae        Camptochaeta             Camptochaeta sp. SlikokOtu456
1300  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae        Camptochaeta             Camptochaeta sp. SlikokOtu650
1301  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae        Claustropyga                 Claustropyga acanthostyla
1302  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae         Corynoptera                        Corynoptera blanda
1303  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae         Corynoptera              Corynoptera sp. BOLD:ACG3227
1304  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae         Corynoptera              Corynoptera sp. BOLD:ADC2113
1305  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae         Corynoptera              Corynoptera sp. BOLD:ADK6917
1307  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae         Corynoptera                  Corynoptera subtrivialis
1309  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae         Dichopygina              Dichopygina sp. BOLD:AAP8780
1322  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae      Leptosciarella           Leptosciarella sp. BOLD:ACC1232
1323  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae      Leptosciarella          Leptosciarella sp. SlikokOtu1674
1324  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae      Leptosciarella          Leptosciarella sp. SlikokOtu1676
1325  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae          Lycoriella               Lycoriella sp. BOLD:ACB2386
1326  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae                &lt;NA$gt;                Sciaridae sp. BOLD:AAH3985
1327  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae                &lt;NA$gt;                Sciaridae sp. BOLD:ACB9102
1328  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae                &lt;NA$gt;                Sciaridae sp. BOLD:ACE4214
1329  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae                &lt;NA$gt;                Sciaridae sp. BOLD:ACI4298
1330  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae                &lt;NA$gt;                Sciaridae sp. BOLD:ADM6209
1331  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae                &lt;NA$gt;               Sciaridae sp. SlikokOtu1252
1332  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae                &lt;NA$gt;               Sciaridae sp. SlikokOtu2026
1333  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae                &lt;NA$gt;                Sciaridae sp. SlikokOtu786
1334  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae         Phytosciara                      Phytosciara flavipes
1335  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae         Phytosciara                 Phytosciara prosciaroides
1336  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae        Scatopsciara                     Scatopsciara atomaria
1342  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae        Scatopsciara                     Scatopsciara neglecta
1343  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae        Scatopsciara            Scatopsciara sp. SlikokOtu1799
1344  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae        Scatopsciara             Scatopsciara sp. SlikokOtu602
1345  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae           Trichosia                         Trichosia townesi
1346  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Sciaridae           Zygoneura                        Zygoneura sciarina
1348  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Sciomyzidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Sciomyzidae sp. SlikokOtu1601
1349  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Sciomyzidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Sciomyzidae sp. SlikokOtu900
1350  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Sciomyzidae          Pherbellia                    Pherbellia albocostata
1388  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Sciomyzidae          Pherbellia               Pherbellia sp. SlikokOtu405
1389  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Sciomyzidae          Pherbellia                       Pherbellia tenuipes
1391  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Sciomyzidae             Sepedon                           Sepedon pusilla
1392  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera            Sciomyzidae          Tetanocera                    Tetanocera phyllophora
1412  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Sepsidae              Sepsis                        Sepsis neocynipsea
1413  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera               Sepsidae              Sepsis                  Sepsis sp. SlikokOtu1758
1414  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Simuliidae         Prosimulium                    Prosimulium minifulvum
1415  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Simuliidae         Prosimulium                       Prosimulium travisi
1417  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Simuliidae            Simulium                 Simulium arcticum complex
1426  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Simuliidae            Simulium                 Simulium sp. BOLD:AAV2391
1427  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Simuliidae            Simulium                        Simulium tuberosum
1428  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Simuliidae            Simulium                 Simulium venustum complex
1432  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Sphaeroceridae    Pseudocollinella                     Conchapelopia sp. 4XL
1433  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Stratiomyidae               Beris                            Beris fuscipes
1435  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Stratiomyidae              Sargus                            Sargus decorus
1436  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera Strongylophthalmyiidae Strongylophthalmyia         Strongylophthalmyia angustipennis
1437  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Syrphidae              Baccha                           Baccha elongata
1438  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Syrphidae         Dasysyrphus         Dasysyrphus intrudens sp. complex
1439  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Syrphidae            Eupeodes                       Eupeodes lapponicus
1440  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Syrphidae            Eupeodes                 Eupeodes sp. SlikokOtu453
1441  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Syrphidae         Melanostoma                      Melanostoma mellinum
1442  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Syrphidae         Melanostoma               Melanostoma sp. BOLDAAB2866
1443  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Syrphidae        Platycheirus                  Platycheirus angustatus4
1444  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Syrphidae        Platycheirus                  Platycheirus peltatoides
1445  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Syrphidae        Platycheirus                    Platycheirus quadratus
1446  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Syrphidae        Platycheirus                      Platycheirus rosarum
1449  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Syrphidae       Sphaerophoria                Sphaerophoria novaeangliae
1453  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Syrphidae             Syrphus                           Syrphus ribesii
1454  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Syrphidae             Syrphus                            Syrphus torvus
1455  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Tachinidae            Euclytia                            Euclytia flava
1456  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Tachinidae            Euclytia                 Euclytia sp. SlikokOtu889
1457  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Tachinidae              Medina                           Medina luctuosa
1458  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Tachinidae         Periscepsia                      Periscepsia clesides
1459  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera             Tachinidae              Phasia                        Phasia robertsonii
1460  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Tipulidae                &lt;NA$gt;                 Tipulidae sp. SlikokOtu47
1461  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Tipulidae          Prionocera                        Prionocera turcica
1462  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera              Tipulidae              Tipula                          Tipula penobscot
1463  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Trichoceridae                &lt;NA$gt;            Trichoceridae sp. BOLD:ACU8361
1465  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera          Trichoceridae          Trichocera               Trichocera sp. BOLD:ACF8968
1466  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera       Acanthosomatidae       Elasmostethus               Elasmostethus interstinctus
1467  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera            Aphalaridae       Craspedolepta                    Craspedolepta schwarzi
1473  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae          Betulaphis              Betulaphis quadrituberculata
1475  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae          Boernerina                   Boernerina occidentalis
1482  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae        Chaitophorus                    Chaitophorus neglectus
1484  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae        Chaitophorus                  Chaitophorus populifolii
1485  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae              Cinara                          Cinara fornacula
1488  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae              Cinara                            Cinara mariana
1509  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae              Cinara                            Cinara nimbata
1510  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae              Cinara                            Cinara obscura
1511  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae              Cinara                           Cinara pruinosa
1516  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae              Cinara                         Cinara sp. CHR155
1520  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae              Cinara                  Cinara sp. SlikokOtu1765
1521  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae              Cinara                  Cinara sp. SlikokOtu2233
1522  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae          Euceraphis                       Euceraphis borealis
1524  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae          Euceraphis                 Euceraphis papyrifericola
1526  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae          Euceraphis               Euceraphis sp. SlikokOtu666
1527  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae            Illinoia                       Illinoia menziesiae
1528  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae         Macrosiphum                    Macrosiphum euphorbiae
1530  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae                &lt;NA$gt;               Aphididae sp. SlikokOtu2151
1531  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae         Nearctaphis                       Nearctaphis kachena
1532  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Aphididae          Pachypappa                       Pachypappa rosettei
1534  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae           Balclutha                         Balclutha rhenana
1536  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae           Balclutha                Balclutha sp. BOLD:AAG8963
1559  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae           Balclutha               Balclutha sp. SlikokOtu1082
1560  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae           Balclutha               Balclutha sp. SlikokOtu1195
1561  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae           Balclutha               Balclutha sp. SlikokOtu1671
1562  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae           Balclutha               Balclutha sp. SlikokOtu2029
1563  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae           Balclutha               Balclutha sp. SlikokOtu2183
1564  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae           Balclutha                Balclutha sp. SlikokOtu603
1565  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae            Cicadula                       Cicadula intermedia
1569  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae            Cicadula                 Cicadula sp. BOLD:ACI5705
1572  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae            Cicadula                Cicadula sp. SlikokOtu2252
1573  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae            Cicadula                Cicadula sp. SlikokOtu2260
1574  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae            Cicadula                       Cicadula subcupraea
1575  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae          Dikraneura               Dikraneura sp. BOLD:AAO8307
1578  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae          Dikraneura               Dikraneura sp. BOLD:AAV0227
1645  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae          Dikraneura              Dikraneura sp. SlikokOtu1253
1646  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae          Dikraneura              Dikraneura sp. SlikokOtu1559
1647  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae     Draeculacephala          Draeculacephala sp. BOLD:AAG8811
1649  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae             Elymana                          Elymana inornata
1650  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae          Errastunus                      Errastunus ocellaris
1651  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae            Euscelis                 Euscelis monodens sp. nov
1652  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae          Evacanthus                     Evacanthus acuminatus
1665  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae          Evacanthus                      Evacanthus grandipes
1681  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae          Evacanthus           Evacanthus sp. nr. BOLD:ACW2814
1691  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae           Forcipata                            Forcipata loca
1693  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae           Idiocerus                         Idiocerus elegans
1694  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae           Idiocerus                Idiocerus sp. BOLD:ABZ6671
1696  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae           Idiocerus               Idiocerus sp. SlikokOtu1451
1697  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae           Idiocerus                       Idiocerus subnitens
1698  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae           Idiocerus                       Idiocerus xanthiops
1701  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae          Limotettix                  Limotettix arctostaphyli
1703  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae          Limotettix                      Limotettix plutonius
1704  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae          Limotettix                        Limotettix xanthus
1705  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae         Macrosteles                     Macrosteles binotatus
1706  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae         Macrosteles                     Macrosteles cristatus
1718  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae         Macrosteles           Macrosteles sp. nr. CNCHG168-12
1721  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Cicadellidae sp. BOLD:ACV3364
1726  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae                &lt;NA$gt;     Cicadellidae sp. nr. Ophiola decumana
1728  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cicadellidae sp. SlikokOtu2257
1729  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cicadellidae sp. SlikokOtu2259
1730  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cicadellidae sp. SlikokOtu2268
1731  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cicadellidae sp. SlikokOtu2269
1732  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Cicadellidae sp. SlikokOtu2339
1733  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae        Thamnotettix             Thamnotettix sp. SlikokOtu689
1734  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Typhlocybinae sp. BOLD:ACC2894
1737  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae           Sorhoanus                    Sorhoanus xanthoneurus
1742  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae        Thamnotettix                     Thamnotettix confinis
1744  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera           Cicadellidae          Typhlocyba               Typhlocyba sp. BOLD:AAV0271
1746  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera               Cixiidae              Cixius                       Cixius meridionalis
1756  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera            Delphacidae           Achrotile               Achorotile sp. BOLD:ACU1499
1757  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera            Delphacidae         Criomorphus              Criomorphus sp. SlikokOtu228
1758  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera            Delphacidae         Delphacodes                       Delphacodes serrata
1760  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera            Delphacidae           Javesella                Javesella sp. BOLD:ACI4365
1761  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera            Delphacidae        Nothodelphax             Nothodelphax sp. BOLD:ACK4869
1762  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera            Delphacidae                &lt;NA$gt;             Delphacidae sp. SlikokOtu1556
1763  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera            Delphacidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Delphacidae sp. SlikokOtu272
1765  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera            Delphacidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Delphacidae sp. SlikokOtu560
1766  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera            Delphacidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Delphacidae sp. SlikokOtu909
1767  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera            Delphacidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Delphacidae sp. SlikokOtu951
1768  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera            Delphacidae        Nothodelphax             Nothodelphax sp. BOLD:ACU5128
1769  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera                Miridae         Chlamydatus                    Chlamydatus pulicarius
1770  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera                Miridae           Lygocoris                       Lygocoris pabulinus
1772  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera                Miridae               Lygus                    Lygus sp. BOLD:ABZ1405
1773  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera                Miridae             Mecomma                          Mecomma gilvipes
1774  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera                Miridae           Pinalitus                       Pinalitus rostratus
1775  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera                Miridae             Psallus                           Psallus falleni
1777  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera                Miridae          Tupiocoris                       Tupiocoris confusus
1779  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera                Nabidae            Nabicula                     Nabicula nigrovittata
1781  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera                Nabidae               Nabis                        Nabis americoferus
1782  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Psyllidae          Cacopsylla                       Cacopsylla myrtilli
1787  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Psyllidae          Cacopsylla               Cacopsylla sp. DPsitchSB_08
1789  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Psyllidae          Cacopsylla                        Cacopsylla striata
1790  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Psyllidae                                    Psyllidae sp. BOLD:AAG8690
1792  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera       Rhyparochromidae         Ligyrocoris                    Ligyrocoris sylvestris
1793  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Triozidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Triozidae sp. BOLD:AAV0246
1794  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Triozidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Triozidae sp. BOLD:ACF6530
1795  Arthropoda     Insecta        Hemiptera              Triozidae              Trioza                   Trioza sp. BOLD:AAM8925
1796  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera                 Apidae              Bombus                             Bombus mixtus
1797  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae            Aphidius                             Aphidius ervi
1801  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae            Aphidius                          Aphidius salicis
1802  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae            Aphidius                 Aphidius sp. BOLD:ABX6188
1803  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae            Aphidius            Aphidius sp. cf. schimitscheki
1804  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae             Choeras                             Choeras jft31
1805  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae           Dinotrema                           Dinotrema jft01
1806  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae            Ephedrus                         Ephedrus blattnyi
1807  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae            Ephedrus                      Ephedrus incompletus
1808  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae            Ephedrus                       Ephedrus lacertosus
1815  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae            Ephedrus                Ephedrus sp. SlikokOtu1477
1816  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae      Lathrapanteles                    Lathrapanteles heleios
1817  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae         Microplitis                         Microplitis jft06
1818  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae          Monoctonus              Monoctonus sp. SlikokOtu1672
1819  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae          Monoctonus              Monoctonus sp. SlikokOtu1854
1820  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae             Adelius                  Adelius sp. BOLD:AAG0698
1821  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Braconidae sp. SlikokOtu1649
1822  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Braconidae sp. SlikokOtu637
1823  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae                &lt;NA$gt;                               Exothecinae
1824  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae          Oncophanes               Oncophanes sp. BOLD:AAH2152
1825  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae             Pauesia                  Pauesia sp. BOLD:AAN5124
1826  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae             Pauesia                   Pauesia sp. CNFNS993-14
1827  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae             Pauesia                 Pauesia sp. SlikokOtu1203
1828  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae             Pauesia                  Pauesia sp. SlikokOtu139
1829  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae             Pauesia                  Pauesia sp. SlikokOtu597
1830  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae               Praon                       Praon cf. flavinode
1831  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae               Praon                    Praon sp. BOLD:ACF1737
1832  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae               Praon                    Praon sp. BOLD:ACG2836
1833  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae               Praon                             Praon volucre
1834  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae       Protapanteles            Protapanteles sp. BOLD:AAA7147
1835  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae       Protapanteles            Protapanteles sp. BOLD:ACI4084
1836  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Braconidae             Trioxys                 Trioxys sp. SlikokOtu1942
1837  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Cimbicidae                Abia                            Abia americana
1839  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;                 Aclista sp. SlikokOtu1060
1840  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Belytinae sp. BOLD:AAJ8196
1841  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Diapridae sp. SlikokOtu2345
1842  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Diapridae sp. SlikokOtu2346
1843  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Diapriidae sp. BOLD:AAU8951
1844  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Diapriidae sp. BOLD:AAU9299
1849  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Diapriidae sp. BOLD:ACD9846
1851  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Diapriidae sp. BOLD:ACG3695
1852  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Diapriidae sp. BOLD:ACR7121
1853  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Diapriidae sp. BOLD:ADD9643
1854  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Diapriidae sp. SlikokOtu1192
1855  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Diapriidae sp. SlikokOtu1208
1856  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Diapriidae sp. SlikokOtu1292
1857  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Diapriidae sp. SlikokOtu1464
1858  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Diapriidae sp. SlikokOtu1806
1859  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Diapriidae sp. SlikokOtu1807
1860  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Diapriidae sp. SlikokOtu2017
1861  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Diapriidae sp. SlikokOtu2018
1862  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Diapriidae sp. SlikokOtu2019
1863  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Diapriidae sp. SlikokOtu2020
1864  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Diapriidae sp. SlikokOtu621
1865  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Diapriidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Diapriidae sp. SlikokOtu783
1866  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Encyrtidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Encyrtidae sp. SlikokOtu765
1867  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Eulophidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Eulophidae sp. SlikokOtu1846
1868  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Eulophidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Eulophidae sp. SlikokOtu2155
1869  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera              Figitidae           Anacharis                     Anacharis eucharoides
1870  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera             Formicidae                &lt;NA$gt;                            Formica aserva
1871  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae            Aclastus                 Aclastus sp. BOLD:AAA9140
1872  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae         Aperileptus                    Aperileptus infuscatus
1873  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae          Atractodes                      Atractodes alpestris
1874  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae          Atractodes                          Atractodes jft03
1875  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae            Diplazon                 Diplazon sp. BOLD:AAD1879
1876  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae              Enytus                           Enytus apostata
1877  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae               Gelis                    Gelis sp. BOLD:AAA6283
1878  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae            Helictes                         Helictes borealis
1883  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae           Ichneumon                       Acrolyta rufocincta
1884  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae           Lissonota                       Lissonota sexcincta
1885  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae          Megastylus                      Megastylus orbitator
1887  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;                         Aperileptus jft05
1888  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Campopleginae sp. BOLD:AAN7592
1889  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Cryptinae sp. BOLD:AAH1778
1890  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Cryptinae sp. BOLD:AAN8142
1891  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Cryptinae sp. BOLD:AAU9435
1892  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Cryptinae sp. BOLD:ACD0494
1895  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Cryptinae sp. BOLD:ACZ6467
1896  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Ichneumonidae sp. BOLD:ACX6606
1897  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Ichneumonidae sp. BOLD:ADF4363
1898  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Ichneumonidae sp. SlikokOtu1082
1899  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Ichneumonidae sp. SlikokOtu1186
1900  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Ichneumonidae sp. SlikokOtu1550
1901  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Ichneumonidae sp. SlikokOtu1646
1902  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Ichneumonidae sp. SlikokOtu1766
1903  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Ichneumoninae sp. BOLD:ACA6944
1905  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;            Ichneumoninae sp. BOLD:ACM0987
1906  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Orthocentrinae sp. BOLD:AAG0380
1909  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Orthocentrinae sp. BOLD:AAG0955
1910  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Orthocentrinae sp. BOLD:AAH1785
1911  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Orthocentrinae sp. BOLD:AAQ2967
1912  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Orthocentrinae sp. BOLD:AAU9199
1913  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Orthocentrinae sp. BOLD:AAU9320
1914  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Orthocentrinae sp. BOLD:ACD3807
1915  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Orthocentrinae sp. BOLD:ACF6482
1916  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Orthocentrinae sp. BOLD:ACI7070
1917  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Pimplinae sp. BOLD:AAU9861
1918  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae        Orthocentrus              Orthocentrus sp. BBHYE562-10
1919  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae        Orthocentrus             Orthocentrus sp. OPPQG1460-17
1920  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae         Orthomiscus                    Orthomiscus unicinctus
1921  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae        Plectiscidea           Orthocentrinae sp. SlikokOtu737
1922  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae        Plectiscidea             Plectiscidea sp. BOLD:AAE4602
1923  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae        Plectiscidea             Plectiscidea sp. BOLD:AAY4134
1924  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae        Plectiscidea             Plectiscidea sp. BOLD:ACC6916
1925  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae        Plectiscidea             Plectiscidea sp. BOLD:ACF4667
1926  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae        Plectiscidea             Plectiscidea sp. BOLD:ACJ0639
1927  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae        Plectiscidea             Plectiscidea sp. BOLD:ADY1613
1928  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae        Plectiscidea            Plectiscidea sp. SlikokOtu1808
1929  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae        Plectiscidea            Plectiscidea sp. SlikokOtu2074
1930  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae        Plectiscidea             Plectiscidea sp. SlikokOtu310
1931  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae        Plectiscidea                      Plectiscidea venusta
1932  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae          Plectiscus                      Plectiscus impurator
1933  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae         Polyblastus              Polyblastus sp. SlikokOtu462
1934  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae           Proclitus                        Proclitus ardentis
1935  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae           Proclitus                         Proclitus paganus
1938  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae           Proclitus               Proclitus sp. SlikokOtu1005
1939  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae           Proclitus               Proclitus sp. SlikokOtu1811
1940  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae           Proclitus               Proclitus sp. SlikokOtu2231
1941  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae         Stenomacrus           Orthocentrinae sp. BOLD:AAG0965
1942  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae         Stenomacrus                         Stenomacrus jft20
1943  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae         Stenomacrus              Stenomacrus sp. BOLD:ACG3877
1945  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae        Syrphoctonus             Syrphoctonus sp. BOLD:AAU9254
1946  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae            Zatypota                    Zatypota percontatoria
1947  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera          Ichneumonidae                                Ichneumonidae sp. SlikokOtu254
1948  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;             Hymenoptera sp. SlikokOtu1992
1949  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Proctotrupidae                &lt;NA$gt;           Proctotrupidae sp. BOLD:AAG7970
1950  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae            Allantus                       Allantus albolabris
1951  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae       Amauronematus                      Amauronematus fallax
1952  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae             Dolerus                          Dolerus gessneri
1953  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae             Dolerus                  Dolerus sp. SlikokOtu789
1954  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae             Dolerus                      Dolerus subfasciatus
1955  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae        Heterarthrus                    Heterarthrus nemoratus
1956  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Nematinae sp. SlikokOtu734
1957  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae                &lt;NA$gt;                Nematinae sp. SlikokOtu805
1958  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae             Nematus                         Nematus leucopyga
1959  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae        Pachynematus Pachynematus albipennis sp. SlikokOtu1704
1960  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae        Pachynematus             Pachynematus sp. BOLD:ACR7759
1961  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae        Pachynematus            Pachynematus sp. SlikokOtu1648
1962  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae            Pikonema                        Pikonema alaskense
1965  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae            Pikonema                 Pikonema sp. BOLD:AAG3548
1966  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae            Pikonema                Pikonema sp. SlikokOtu1057
1967  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae            Pikonema                Pikonema sp. SlikokOtu1509
1968  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae            Pikonema                 Pikonema sp. SlikokOtu808
1969  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae         Pristiphora                        Pristiphora mollis
1970  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae     Strongylogaster                    Strongylogaster macula
1971  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae     Strongylogaster          Strongylogaster sp. BOLD:ACO4308
1972  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae     Strongylogaster         Strongylogaster sp. SlikokOtu2142
1973  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera         Tenthredinidae           Tenthredo                           Tenthredo colon
1974  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera              Torymidae                &lt;NA$gt;               Toryminae sp. SlikokOtu1474
1975  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera              Torymidae             Torymus                  Torymus sp. BOLD:ACU0784
1976  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera               Vespidae      Dolichovespula                   Dolichovespula arenaria
1977  Arthropoda     Insecta      Hymenoptera               Vespidae             Vespula                        Vespula alascensis
1980  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera         Argyresthiidae         Argyresthia               Argyresthia sp. ABKWR035-07
1981  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera         Batrachedridae         Batrachedra                   Batrachedra praeangusta
1982  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera          Coleophoridae          Coleophora                 Coleophora canadensisella
1983  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera          Coleophoridae          Coleophora                      Coleophora glitzella
1984  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Gelechiidae         Neotelphusa                      Neotelphusa praefixa
1985  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Gelechiidae         Scrobipalpa                      Scrobipalpa clintoni
1986  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Gelechiidae          Xenolechia                       Xenolechia aethiops
1987  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Geometridae            Anticlea                        Anticlea vasiliata
1988  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Geometridae             Campaea                           Campaea perlata
1990  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Geometridae              Carsia                          Carsia sororiata
1992  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Geometridae             Cladara                         Cladara limitaria
1993  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Geometridae           Dysstroma                         Dysstroma citrata
1995  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Geometridae          Eupithecia                  Eupithecia cf. misturata
1996  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Geometridae           Lobophora                      Lobophora nivigerata
1997  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Geometridae             Macaria                         Macaria brunneata
1998  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Geometridae             Macaria                  Macaria sp. BOLD:AAA1255
1999  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Geometridae           Spargania                        Spargania luctuata
2000  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Geometridae         Trichodezia                   Trichodezia albovittata
2001  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Geometridae             Venusia                         Venusia pearsalli
2002  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera         Gracillariidae          Caloptilia                    Caloptilia suberinella
2004  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera         Gracillariidae            Parornix                      Parornix obliterella
2005  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera         Gracillariidae      Phyllonorycter                 Phyllonorycter junoniella
2006  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera              Momphidae              Mompha                      Mompha conturbatella
2007  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;             Lepidoptera sp. SlikokOtu2011
2008  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;              Lepidoptera sp. SlikokOtu839
2009  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera              Noctuidae           Eremobina                        Eremobina claudens
2010  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera              Noctuidae              Eurois                            Eurois occulta
2011  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera              Noctuidae          Lithophane                       Lithophane thaxteri
2012  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera              Noctuidae           Sympistis                         Sympistis dentata
2013  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera              Noctuidae              Xestia                           Xestia speciosa
2014  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Tortricidae             Acleris                      Acleris schalleriana
2016  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Tortricidae             Ancylis                  Ancylis sp. BOLD:ACE7743
2018  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Tortricidae            Epinotia                      Epinotia albangulana
2019  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Tortricidae           Rhopobota                         Rhopobota naevana
2021  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera            Tortricidae          Zeiraphera                       Zeiraphera griseana
2025  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera          Yponomeutidae        Swammerdamia                    Swammerdamia caesiella
2026  Arthropoda     Insecta      Lepidoptera           Ypsolophidae           Ypsolopha                           Ypsolopha senex
2028  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu2215
2029  Arthropoda     Insecta          Diptera         Mycetophilidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Mycetophilidae sp. SlikokOtu2245
2030  Arthropoda     Insecta             &lt;NA$gt;                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Insecta sp. SlikokOtu1354
2031  Arthropoda     Insecta             &lt;NA$gt;                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Insecta sp. SlikokOtu1479
2032  Arthropoda     Insecta             &lt;NA$gt;                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Insecta sp. SlikokOtu1701
2033  Arthropoda     Insecta             &lt;NA$gt;                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Insecta sp. SlikokOtu1836
2034  Arthropoda     Insecta             &lt;NA$gt;                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                 Insecta sp. SlikokOtu2103
2035  Arthropoda     Insecta             &lt;NA$gt;                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                  Insecta sp. SlikokOtu291
2036  Arthropoda     Insecta             &lt;NA$gt;                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                   Insecta sp. SlikokOtu40
2037  Arthropoda     Insecta             &lt;NA$gt;                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                  Insecta sp. SlikokOtu543
2038  Arthropoda     Insecta       Neuroptera           Hemerobiidae          Hemerobius                     Hemerobius conjunctus
2039  Arthropoda     Insecta       Neuroptera           Hemerobiidae          Hemerobius                      Hemerobius humulinus
2042  Arthropoda     Insecta       Neuroptera           Hemerobiidae          Hemerobius                    Hemerobius kokaneeanus
2043  Arthropoda     Insecta       Neuroptera           Hemerobiidae          Hemerobius                     Hemerobius marginatus
2044  Arthropoda     Insecta       Neuroptera           Hemerobiidae          Hemerobius                         Hemerobius ovalis
2045  Arthropoda     Insecta       Neuroptera           Hemerobiidae          Hemerobius                       Hemerobius simulans
2046  Arthropoda     Insecta       Neuroptera           Hemerobiidae            Micromus                         Micromus borealis
2048  Arthropoda     Insecta          Odonata            Corduliidae        Somatochlora                   Somatochlora albicincta
2066  Arthropoda     Insecta          Odonata            Corduliidae        Somatochlora            Somatochlora sp. SlikokOtu1597
2067  Arthropoda     Insecta          Odonata            Corduliidae        Somatochlora            Somatochlora sp. SlikokOtu1889
2068  Arthropoda     Insecta       Orthoptera              Acrididae          Melanoplus               Melanoplus sp. BOLD:AAA4555
2127  Arthropoda     Insecta       Orthoptera              Acrididae                &lt;NA$gt;               Acrididae sp. SlikokOtu1901
2128  Arthropoda     Insecta         Psocodea          Caeciliusidae          Valenzuela                       Valenzuela flavidus
2130  Arthropoda     Insecta         Psocodea          Caeciliusidae          Valenzuela               Valenzuela sp. BOLD:AAP4628
2133  Arthropoda     Insecta         Psocodea          Lachesillidae          Lachesilla                Lachesilla contraforcepeta
2134  Arthropoda     Insecta         Psocodea               Psocidae    Trichadenotecnum                    Trichadenotecnum majus
2136  Arthropoda     Insecta     Thysanoptera              Thripidae        Taeniothrips                      Taeniothrips orionis
2137  Arthropoda     Insecta      Trichoptera           Leptoceridae             Oecetis                       Oecetis inconspicua
2140  Arthropoda     Insecta      Trichoptera          Limnephilidae         Limnephilus                       Limnephilus ornatus
2141  Arthropoda     Insecta      Trichoptera          Limnephilidae         Limnephilus              Limnephilus sp. BOLD:ADI0058
2148  Arthropoda     Insecta      Trichoptera          Limnephilidae         Limnephilus                        Limnophila poetica
2149  Arthropoda     Insecta      Trichoptera                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;              Trichoptera sp. SlikokOtu592
2150  Arthropoda     Insecta                                    &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;                  Insecta sp. SlikokOtu852
2151    Mollusca  Gastropoda  Stylommatophora         Agriolimacidae           Deroceras                         Deroceras agreste
2154    Mollusca  Gastropoda  Stylommatophora         Agriolimacidae           Deroceras                           Deroceras laeve
2155    Mollusca  Gastropoda  Stylommatophora            Euconulidae           Euconulus                          Euconulus fulvus
2156    Mollusca  Gastropoda  Stylommatophora            Succineidae                &lt;NA$gt;              Succineidae sp. BOLD:ACZ3273
2158    Mollusca  Gastropoda  Stylommatophora            Valloniidae          Zoogenetes                          Zoogenetes harpa
2161    Mollusca  Gastropoda  Stylommatophora           Vertiginidae           Columella                Columella sp. BOLD:ABV1789
2164    Mollusca  Gastropoda  Stylommatophora           Vertiginidae             Vertigo                        Vertigo concinnula
2166    Mollusca  Gastropoda  Stylommatophora           Vertiginidae             Vertigo                          Vertigo cristata
2170    Mollusca  Gastropoda  Stylommatophora           Vertiginidae             Vertigo                  Vertigo sp. BOLD:AAM4033
2173    Mollusca  Gastropoda  Stylommatophora           Vertiginidae             Vertigo                      Vertigo sp. cf. AK 2
2177    Nematoda Chromadorea       Tylenchida                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;              Tylenchida sp. SlikokOtu1549
2178    Nematoda Chromadorea       Tylenchida                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;               Tylenchida sp. SlikokOtu233
2179    Nematoda Chromadorea       Tylenchida                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;               Tylenchida sp. SlikokOtu892
2180    Nematoda Chromadorea       Tylenchida         Neotylenchidae                &lt;NA$gt;          Neotylenchidae sp. SlikokOtu2291
2181    Rotifera  Bdelloidea             &lt;NA$gt;                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;              Bdelloidea sp. SlikokOtu1837
2182    Rotifera  Bdelloidea             &lt;NA$gt;                   &lt;NA$gt;                &lt;NA$gt;              Bdelloidea sp. SlikokOtu2063

agp &lt;- aggregate(ag1$accepted_id, by=list(ag1$phylum_name), length)
agp
     Group.1   x
1 Arthropoda 962
2   Mollusca  10
3   Nematoda   4
4   Rotifera   2

write.csv(ag1, "2019-07-25-1610_Slikok_NGS_taxa.csv", row.names=FALSE)</pre>

<h2 id="toc_8">2019-07-25-1511_qiime_tree.slurm</h2>

<pre>#!/bin/bash
#SBATCH --job-name=tree
#SBATCH -n 1 # number of nodes    
#SBATCH -n 1 # number of tasks 
#SBATCH -p long # parition
#SBATCH --account=bio # account code
#SBATCH --time=0-00:30:00 # requested job time D-HH:MM:SS
#SBATCH --mail-type=ALL 
#SBATCH --mail-user=matt_bowser@fws.gov 
#SBATCH -o 2019-07-25-1511_qiime_tree-%j.out 

cd /lustre/projects/fws/fws_bio/mattbowser/projects/2016_Slikok_project/data/arthropods/SCVUC_COI_metabarcode_pipeline/Scripts

module load python/anaconda3

source activate qiime2-2019.1

qiime tools import \
  --input-path 2019-07-25-1510_otus.fas \
  --output-path 2019-07-25-1510_otus.qza \
  --type 'FeatureData[Sequence]'
 
qiime phylogeny align-to-tree-mafft-fasttree \
 --i-sequences 2019-07-25-1510_otus.qza \
 --output-dir 2019-07-25-1510_tree

source deactivate 
 
module purge</pre>

<h2 id="toc_9">2019-08-02-1333_Melvin_stand_data.R</h2>

<pre>## Looking at Melvin stand data.
wd &lt;- "D:/projects/birch/2019_Melvin_stand_data"
setwd(wd)

library(xlsx)

d1 &lt;- read.xlsx("Stand_data.xlsx", sheetIndex=1)
dim(d1)
[1] 675  20

d1$long &lt;- -d1$long

#knwr = "J:/Goedata/Boundaries/KNWR/knwr.shp"
kp = "J:/Goedata/Boundaries/Kenai_Peninsula/Kenai_Peninsula.shp"
lakes = "J:/Goedata/Hydro/KP_lakes/lakes.shp"
#streams = "J:/Goedata/Hydro/KP_streams/streams.shp"
roads = "J:/Goedata/Transportation/Roads/roads.shp"

library(maptools)
library(rgdal)
albers &lt;- "+proj=aea +lat_1=55 +lat_2=65 +lat_0=50 +lon_0=-154 +x_0=0 +y_0=0 +ellps=GRS80 +datum=NAD83 +units=m +no_defs"
wgs84 &lt;- "+proj=longlat +ellps=WGS84 +datum=WGS84 +no_defs"
 
## Load shape files.

lakes &lt;- readShapeSpatial(lakes)
kp &lt;- readShapeSpatial(kp)
roads &lt;- readOGR(dsn=roads, layer="roads")

proj4string(lakes) &lt;- CRS(albers)

sl &lt;- !is.na(d1$long) &amp; !is.na(d1$lat)
d1 &lt;- d1[sl,]
dim(d1)
[1] 674  20
coordinates(d1) &lt;- c("long", "lat")
proj4string(d1) &lt;- CRS(wgs84)
d1a &lt;- spTransform(d1, CRS(albers))

plot(d1a)
plot(kp, add=TRUE)

levels(d1a$spp)
[1] "bene" "pigl" "poba" "potr"
d1b &lt;- d1a[d1a$spp=="bene",]
dim(d1b)
[1] 201  18

water &lt;- "#93CCEA" ## Crayola cornflower
land &lt;- "#E8E8E8" 

pdf(file="2019-08-02-1345_birch_stand_map.pdf",
 width=6,
 height=6
 )
 par(mar=c(0.1, 0.1, 0.1, 0.1)) 
 par(bg=water)
 plot(d1b,
  pch="",
  bg=water
  )
 plot(kp,
  add=TRUE,
  col=land,
  border=land,
  lwd=1
  )
 plot(lakes,
  add=TRUE,
  col=water,
  border=water, #"#1d6b95"
  lwd=0.3
  )
 plot(roads,
  col="#aaaaaa",
  lwd=0.3,
  add=TRUE
  )
 points(
  d1b,
  lwd=1.2,
  cex=1.2
  )
dev.off()</pre>

<h2 id="toc_10">2019-08-07-0931_LTEMP_plot_data.R</h2>

<pre>wd &lt;- "D:/projects/Fire/2019_Swan_Lake_Fire/work_space/2019-08-07_LTEMP_data_for_Saperstein"
setwd(wd)

pl &lt;- read.csv("tbl_Plot_Location.csv")
vp &lt;- read.csv("tbl_VegPlot.csv")

dim(pl)
[1] 358  19

dim(vp)
[1] 264  11

library(sqldf)

d2 &lt;- sqldf('
select
 pl.*,
 vp.Date as survey_date,
 vp.surveyed_by
from
 pl left outer join
 vp 
on
 pl.LTEMP_Plot = vp.Plot  
')

dim(d2)
[1] 360  21

length(levels(as.factor(d2$LTEMP_Plot)))
[1] 358

d2$LTEMP_Plot[duplicated(d2$LTEMP_Plot)]
[1] 3139 3260

d2[d2$LTEMP_Plot %in% d2$LTEMP_Plot[duplicated(d2$LTEMP_Plot)],]
%% Ok, those were both visited by FIA, but then not considered forest. we sampled those using LTEMP protocols.

## Removing those FIA records.
d3 &lt;- d2[c(1:75, 77:159, 161:360),]
dim(d3)
[1] 358  21
## Looks good.

write.csv(d3, "2019-08-07-0945_LTEMP_plots.csv", row.names=FALSE)</pre>

<h2 id="toc_11">2019-08-07-1122_FMH_coords.R</h2>

<pre>## Reprojecting the FMH plot locations...
setwd("J:/Projects/Fire/2012-02-23_KNWR_fire_metadata/2012-02-23_KNWR_fire_metadata")

require(maptools)
require(rgdal)

s.nad27 &lt;- CRS("+proj=utm +zone=5 +ellps=clrk66 +datum=NAD27 +units=m +no_defs")
s.nad83 &lt;- CRS("+proj=utm +zone=5 +ellps=GRS80 +towgs84=0,0,0,0,0,0,0 +units=m +no_defs")
s.wgs84 &lt;- CRS("+proj=utm +zone=5 +ellps=WGS84 +datum=WGS84 +units=m +no_defs")
s.latlon &lt;- CRS("+proj=longlat +ellps=WGS84 +datum=WGS84")

nad27 &lt;- read.csv("FMH_plot_locations_NAD27.csv")
coordinates(nad27) &lt;- nad27[,5:4]
proj4string(nad27) &lt;- s.nad27
nad27.latlon &lt;- spTransform(nad27, s.latlon)

nad83 &lt;- read.csv("FMH_plot_locations_NAD83.csv")
coordinates(nad83) &lt;- nad83[,5:4]
proj4string(nad83) &lt;- s.nad83
nad83.latlon &lt;- spTransform(nad83, s.latlon)

wgs84 &lt;- read.csv("FMH_plot_locations_WGS84.csv")
coordinates(wgs84) &lt;- wgs84[,5:4]
proj4string(wgs84) &lt;- s.wgs84
wgs84.latlon &lt;- spTransform(wgs84, s.latlon)

fmh &lt;- rbind(nad27.latlon, nad83.latlon, wgs84.latlon)
plot(fmh)
fmh1 &lt;- fmh

fmh &lt;- read.csv("201011181451_FMH_plot_locations.csv")
coordinates(fmh) &lt;- fmh[,2:3]
proj4string(fmh) &lt;- s.latlon
plot(fmh)

write.csv(fmh@data, "2019-08-07-1128_FMH_plots.csv", row.names=FALSE)
writeOGR(fmh, dsn="2019-08-07-1131_FMH_plots.kml", layer= "fmh", driver="KML", dataset_options=c("NameField=plot"))</pre>

<h2 id="toc_12">2019-08-06-1535_cryptogam_Arctos_upload.R</h2>

<pre>wd &lt;- "D:/projects/Slikok_watershed/data/2016_lichen_bryophyte_samples/work_space/2019-08-06_Arctos_upload"
setwd(wd)

ids1 &lt;- read.csv("Goward_cryptogam_ids.csv", stringsAsFactors=FALSE)
dim(ids1)
[1] 789   6

levels(as.factor(ids1$identification))
  [1] "Arthonia edgewoodensis ined."        "Aulacomnium palustre"               
  [3] "Biatora efflorescens"                "Biatora pallens"                    
  [5] "Brachythecium acutum"                "Brachythecium erythrorrhizon"       
  [7] "Brachythecium frigidum"              "Brachythecium salebrosum"           
  [9] "Bryoria cfr fremontii"               "Bryoria furcellata"                 
 [11] "Bryoria fuscescens"                  "Bryoria glabra"                     
 [13] "Bryoria inactiva"                    "Bryoria kockiana"                   
 [15] "Bryoria lanestris"                   "Bryoria pikei"                      
 [17] "Bryoria pseudofuscescens"            "Bryoria simplicior"                 
 [19] "Bryoria vrangiana"                   "Buellia disciformis"                
 [21] "Buellia punctata"                    "Calicium viride"                    
 [23] "Calliergon cordifolium"              "Calliergonella cuspidata"           
 [25] "Calypogeia sphagnicola"              "Campylium stellatum"                
 [27] "Cephalozia bicuspidata"              "Cephaloziella divaricata"           
 [29] "Cetraria delisei"                    "Cetraria islandica crispiformis"    
 [31] "Cetraria laevigata"                  "Cetraria sepincola"                 
 [33] "Chaenotheca trichialis"              "Chaenothecopsis tasmanica"          
 [35] "Chrysothrix candelaris"              "Cladina rangiferina"                
 [37] "Cladina stygia"                      "Cladonia albonigra"                 
 [39] "Cladonia amaurocraea"                "Cladonia botrytes"                  
 [41] "Cladonia carneola"                   "Cladonia carneola s lat"            
 [43] "Cladonia cenotea"                    "Cladonia chlorophaea"               
 [45] "Cladonia coniocraea"                 "Cladonia cornuta"                   
 [47] "Cladonia crispata"                   "Cladonia deformis"                  
 [49] "Cladonia elongata vulnerata"         "Cladonia fimbriata"                 
 [51] "Cladonia gracilis turbinata"         "Cladonia grayi"                     
 [53] "Cladonia ochrochlora"                "Cladonia sulphurina"                
 [55] "Cliostomum griffithii"               "Collema subflaccidum"               
 [57] "Cynodontium tenellum"                "Dicranum acutifolium"               
 [59] "Dicranum fuscescens"                 "Dicranum leioneuron"                
 [61] "Dicranum pallidisetum"               "Dicranum polysetum"                 
 [63] "Dicranum scoparium"                  "Dicranum tauricum"                  
 [65] "Hylocomium splendens"                "Hypnum circinale"                   
 [67] "Hypogymnia bitteri"                  "Hypogymnia occidentalis"            
 [69] "Hypogymnia physodes"                 "Hypogymnia protea"                  
 [71] "Hypogymnia rugosa"                   "Imshaugia aleurites"                
 [73] "Isopterygiopsis muelleriana"         "Japewia subaurifera"                
 [75] "Japewia tornoensis"                  "Lecanora allophana forma soralifera"
 [77] "Lecanora cadubriae"                  "Lecanora fuscescens"                
 [79] "Lecanora hagenii"                    "Lecanora hybocarpa"                 
 [81] "Lecanora impudens"                   "Lecanora pulicaris"                 
 [83] "Lecanora symmicta"                   "Lecidea betulicola"                 
 [85] "Lecidea leprarioides"                "Lecidea nylanderi"                  
 [87] "Lecidea pullata"                     "Leiocolea badensis"                 
 [89] "Leptogium compactum"                 "Leptogium saturninum"               
 [91] "Lobaria pulmonaria"                  "Lobaria scrobiculata"               
 [93] "Lophozia longidens"                  "Lophozia ventricosa"                
 [95] "Melanohalea septentrionalis"         "Melanohalea trabeculata"            
 [97] "Mycobilimbia epixanthoides"          "Mycoblastus affinis"                
 [99] "Mycoblastus sanguinarius"            "Mylia anomala"                      
[101] "Mylia taylorii"                      "Nephroma arcticum"                  
[103] "Nephroma parile"                     "Nephroma resupinatum"               
[105] "Ochrolechia androgyna"               "Ochrolechia szatalaensis"           
[107] "Orthotrichum obtusifolium"           "Paraleucobryum enerve"              
[109] "Parmelia hygrophila"                 "Parmelia sulcata"                   
[111] "Parmeliopsis ambigua"                "Parmeliopsis hyperopta"             
[113] "Peltigera aphthosa"                  "Peltigera britannica"               
[115] "Peltigera canina"                    "Peltigera conspersa"                
[117] "Peltigera leucophlebia"              "Peltigera membranacea"              
[119] "Peltigera neopolydactyla"            "Peltigera occidentalis"             
[121] "Peltigera praetextata"               "Peltigera scabrosa"                 
[123] "Pertusaria suboculata"               "Phaeocalicium compressulum"         
[125] "Physcia aipolia"                     "Physcia cfr tenella"                
[127] "Physcia dubia"                       "Physconia cfr orbicularis"          
[129] "Plagiomnium medium"                  "Plagiothecium laetum"               
[131] "Plagiothecium piliferum"             "Platismatia glauca"                 
[133] "Pleurozium schreberi"                "Pohlia nutans"                      
[135] "Polytrichum commune"                 "Polytrichum strictum"               
[137] "Ptilidium ciliare"                   "Ptilidium pulcherrimum"             
[139] "Ptilidiuum ciliare"                  "Ptilium crista-castrensis"          
[141] "Pycnora sorophora"                   "Pylaisia polyantha"                 
[143] "Ramalina dilacerata"                 "Ramalina farinacea"                 
[145] "Ramalina obtusata"                   "Ramalina roesleri"                  
[147] "Ramalina thrausta"                   "Ramboldia cinnabarina"              
[149] "Rhizomnium glabrescens"              "Rhytidiadelphus subpinnatus"        
[151] "Rimularia caeca"                     "Rinodina degeliana"                 
[153] "Rinodina metaboliza"                 "Sanionia uncinata"                  
[155] "Sciurohypnum latifolium"             "Sphagnum angustifolium"             
[157] "Sphagnum capillifolium"              "Sphagnum contortum"                 
[159] "Sphagnum fuscum"                     "Sphagnum girgensohnii"              
[161] "Sphagnum jensenii"                   "Sphagnum magellanicum"              
[163] "Sphagnum papillosum"                 "Sphagnum rubellum"                  
[165] "Sphagnum squarrosum"                 "Sphagnum teres"                     
[167] "Sphagnum warnstorfii"                "Tetraphis pellucida"                
[169] "Tetraplodon angustatus"              "Toensbergia leucococca"             
[171] "Tomentypnum nitens"                  "Tritomaria exsectiformis"           
[173] "Tritomaria quinquedentata"           "Tuckermannopsis chlorophylla"       
[175] "Usnea lapponica"                     "Usnea substerilis"                  
[177] "Vulpicida pinastri"                  "Warnstorfia exannulata"             
[179] "Xanthoria candelaria"                "Xanthoria polycarpa" 

length(levels(as.factor(ids1$identification))) 
[1] 180

ids1$guid &lt;- paste("KNWR:Herb:", ids1$sample_number, sep="")

## Downloaded specimen data from Arctos.
ad1 &lt;- read.csv("ArctosData_56C6DA2C1D.csv", stringsAsFactors=FALSE)

library(sqldf)

ids2 &lt;- sqldf('
select
 ids1.*,
 ad1.*
from
 ids1 left outer join 
 ad1
on
 ids1.guid = ad1.GUID
')
dim(ids2)
[1] 789  21

## Now starting an Arctos bulkloader file.
## defs at https://handbook.arctosdb.org/documentation/bulkloader.htmlhttps://handbook.arctosdb.org/documentation/bulkloader.html
## builder at http://arctos.database.museum/Bulkloader/bulkloaderBuilder.cfm

COLLECTION_OBJECT_ID &lt;- 1:789
d1 &lt;- as.data.frame(COLLECTION_OBJECT_ID)

d1$ENTEREDBY &lt;- "mbowser"

d1$OTHER_ID_NUM_1 &lt;- ids2$sample_number

d1$OTHER_ID_NUM_TYPE_1 &lt;- "KNWR:Herb"

d1$OTHER_ID_REFERENCES_1 &lt;- "same lot as"

d1$ACCN &lt;- "KNWR-2016.02-Slikok-Herb"

d1$TAXON_NAME &lt;- ids2$identification

d1$NATURE_OF_ID &lt;- "expert"

##TREVOR GOWARD and CURTIS BJRK
## "Trevor Goward" and "Curtis Bjork" in Arctos
d1$ID_MADE_BY_AGENT &lt;- "Trevor Goward"
d1$ID_MADE_BY_AGENT[ids2$det_by == "CRB"] &lt;- "Curtis Bjork"

d1$MADE_DATE &lt;- 2017

levels(as.factor(ids2$notes))
[1] ""                  "specimen retained" "young"

d1$IDENTIFICATION_REMARKS &lt;- ""
d1$IDENTIFICATION_REMARKS[ids2$notes == "young"] &lt;- "young"

d1$VERBATIM_DATE &lt;- ids2$VERBATIM_DATE

d1$BEGAN_DATE &lt;- ids2$BEGAN_DATE

d1$ENDED_DATE &lt;- ids2$BEGAN_DATE

d1$COLLECTING_EVENT_ID &lt;- ids2$COLLECTING_EVENT_ID

d1$EVENT_ASSIGNED_BY_AGENT &lt;- "Matt Bowser"

d1$EVENT_ASSIGNED_DATE &lt;- "2019-08-07"

d1$VERIFICATIONSTATUS &lt;- "unverified"

d1$GUID_PREFIX &lt;- "KNWR:Herb"

d1$PART_NAME_1 &lt;- "whole organism"

d1$PART_CONDITION_1 &lt;- "Condition not assessed."

d1$PART_LOT_COUNT_1 &lt;- 1

d1$PART_DISPOSITION_1 &lt;- "discarded"
d1$PART_DISPOSITION_1[ids2$notes == "specimen retained"] &lt;- "on loan"

d1$PART_REMARK_1 &lt;- ""
d1$PART_REMARK_1[ids2$notes == "specimen retained"] &lt;- "Specimen retained by Trevor Goward."

## Saving.
save.image("2019-08-07-1310_workspace.RData")

## Updating some identfications to conform to Arctos' A {string} format or names already in Arctos.
d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Arthonia edgewoodensis ined."] &lt;- "Arthonia {Arthonia edgewoodensis ined.}"

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Cetraria islandica crispiformis"] &lt;- "Cetraria islandica subsp. crispiformis"
d1$IDENTIFICATION_REMARKS[ids2$identification == "Cetraria islandica crispiformis"] &lt;- "Verbatim determination: Cetraria islandica crispiformis"

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Cladonia carneola s lat"] &lt;- "Cladonia carneola"
d1$IDENTIFICATION_REMARKS[ids2$identification == "Cladonia carneola s lat"] &lt;- "Verbatim determination: Cladonia carneola s lat"

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Cladonia elongata vulnerata"] &lt;- "Cladonia elongata"
d1$IDENTIFICATION_REMARKS[ids2$identification == "Cladonia elongata vulnerata"] &lt;- "Verbatim determination: Cladonia elongata vulnerata"

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Cladonia gracilis turbinata"] &lt;- "Cladonia gracilis subsp. turbinata"
d1$IDENTIFICATION_REMARKS[ids2$identification == "Cladonia gracilis turbinata"] &lt;- "Verbatim determination: Cladonia gracilis turbinata"

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Lecanora allophana forma soralifera"] &lt;- "Lecanora allophana {Lecanora allophana forma soralifera}"

d1[!d1$IDENTIFICATION_REMARKS == "",]

## Saving.
save.image("2019-08-07-1351_workspace.RData")

## Trying one record.
write.csv(d1[1,], "2019-08-07-1352_record_1.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## Someone else had data in the bulkloader staging table.  I contacted that person to ask for those records to be deleted.</pre>

<h2 id="toc_13">2019-08-14-1705_cryptogam_Arctos_upload.R</h2>

<pre>## Picking up where I left off before.
wd &lt;- "D:/projects/Slikok_watershed/data/2016_lichen_bryophyte_samples/work_space/2019-08-06_Arctos_upload"
setwd(wd)

load("2019-08-07-1351_workspace.RData")

d1$SPECIMEN_EVENT_TYPE &lt;- "collection"

## trued loading file 2019-08-08-1300_records_021-050.csv, got two errors: ; TAXON_NAME (Toensbergia leucococca) not found; TAXON_NAME (Ramboldia cinnabarina) not found

Toensbergia leucococca (R. Santesson) Bendiksby &amp; Timdal
http://www.mycobank.org/BioloMICS.aspx?TableKey=14682616000000067&amp;Rec=512432&amp;Fields=All
## Added that to Arctos (cloned from GBIF taxonomy)

Ramboldia cinnabarina (Sommerf.) Kalb, Lumbsch &amp; Elix
http://www.mycobank.org/BioloMICS.aspx?TableKey=14682616000000067&amp;Rec=440475&amp;Fields=All
## I added this species to Arctos also.

## That file loaded now.

## Next batch:
write.csv(d1[51:100,], "2019-08-14-1732_records_051-100.csv", row.names=FALSE)

save.image("2019-08-14-1733_workspace.RData")</pre>

<h2 id="toc_14">2019-08-19-1032_cryptogam_Arctos_upload.R</h2>

<pre>## Picking up where I left off before.
wd &lt;- "D:/projects/Slikok_watershed/data/2016_lichen_bryophyte_samples/work_space/2019-08-06_Arctos_upload"
setwd(wd)

load("2019-08-14-1733_workspace.RData")

## Next batch:
write.csv(d1[101:200,], "2019-08-19-1033_records_101-200.csv", row.names=FALSE)

## Two of those would not load. ; TAXON_NAME (Bryoria cfr fremontii) not found ; TAXON_NAME (Sciurohypnum latifolium) not found

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Bryoria cfr fremontii"] &lt;- "Bryoria {Bryoria cfr fremontii}"

## Sciurohypnum latifolium
## Flora of North America has it as Sciuro-hypnum latifolium (Kindberg) Ignatov &amp; Huttunen
## This is Brachythecium latifolium on GBIF and Arctos.
## I added Sciuro-hypnum latifolium to Arctos' taxonomy.

write.csv(d1[101:200,], "2019-08-19-1057_records_101-200.csv", row.names=FALSE)

## Got error: ; TAXON_NAME (Sciurohypnum latifolium) not found
d1[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Sciurohypnum latifolium",]
d1$IDENTIFICATION_REMARKS[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Sciurohypnum latifolium"] &lt;- "Verbatim identification: Sciurohypnum latifolium"
d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Sciurohypnum latifolium"] &lt;- "Sciuro-hypnum latifolium"

write.csv(d1[101:200,], "2019-08-19-1104_records_101-200.csv", row.names=FALSE)

## That loaded. Going for the next batch.
write.csv(d1[201:400,], "2019-08-19-1108_records_201-400.csv", row.names=FALSE)

## Got errors: ; TAXON_NAME (Peltigera conspersa) not found ; TAXON_NAME (Ptilidiuum ciliare) not found

## One is an mispelling. Ptilidium ciliare 
d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Ptilidiuum ciliare"] &lt;- "Ptilidium ciliare"

## Peltigera conspersa is a provisional name.  I did find "Peltigera conspersa nom. prov." at https://mushroomobserver.org/name/show_name/26112.
## From http://www.grizzlyoilsands.com/upload/media_element/105/01/23_cr9_veg.pdf
## Peltigera conspersa is a pelt lichen that is new to science that will be more thoroughlydescribed when it is formally published.
d1[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Peltigera conspersa",]
d1$IDENTIFICATION_REMARKS[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Peltigera conspersa"] &lt;- "Verbatim identification: Peltigera conspersa"
d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Peltigera conspersa"] &lt;- "Peltigera {Peltigera conspersa nom. prov.}"

write.csv(d1[201:400,], "2019-08-19-1127_records_201-400.csv", row.names=FALSE)

## Now going for the rest.
write.csv(d1[401:789,], "2019-08-19-1129_records_401-789.csv", row.names=FALSE)

## Got errors.
## ; TAXON_NAME (Physcia cfr tenella) not found
## ; TAXON_NAME (Physconia cfr orbicularis) not found
## ; TAXON_NAME (Leptogium compactum) not found

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Physcia cfr tenella"] &lt;- "Physcia {Physcia cfr tenella}"

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Physconia cfr orbicularis"] &lt;- "Physconia {Physconia cfr orbicularis}"

## Leptogium compactum D.F. Stone, F.L. Anderson &amp; J.W. Hinds
## Added that to Arctos.

write.csv(d1[401:789,], "2019-08-19-1140_records_401-789.csv", row.names=FALSE)

## Saving here.
write.csv(d1, "2019-08-19-1148_all_records_uploaded.csv", row.names=FALSE)
save.image("2019-08-19-1148_workspace.RData")

## Going to add reciprocal relationships.
r1 &lt;- read.csv("2019-08-19-1204_specimen_data_download.csv", stringsAsFactors=FALSE)

dim(r1)
[1] 830  18
## This includes some records I need to drop.
sl &lt;- !(r1$RELATEDCATALOGEDITEMS == "")
r1 &lt;- r1[sl,]

guid_prefix &lt;- rep("KNWR:Herb", 789)
u1 &lt;- as.data.frame(guid_prefix)

u1$existing_other_id_type &lt;- "catalog number"

u1$existing_other_id_number &lt;- substr(r1$RELATEDCATALOGEDITEMS, 70, 74)

u1$new_other_id_number &lt;- substr(r1$GUID, 11, 15)

u1$new_other_id_type &lt;- "KNWR:Herb"

u1$new_other_id_references &lt;- "same lot as"

u1 &lt;- u1[order(u1$new_other_id_number),]

## Saving one test record.
write.csv(u1[1,], "2019-08-19-1253_relationghip_1.csv", row.names=FALSE)

## That looked good.  Going for the rest.
write.csv(u1[2:nrow(u1),], "2019-08-19-1257_relationghips.csv", row.names=FALSE)</pre>

<h2 id="toc_15">2019-08-21-1056_Melvin_birch_specimens.R</h2>

<pre>wd &lt;- "D:/projects/birch/2019_RADseq"
setwd(wd)

d1 &lt;- read.csv("2019-08-21-0933_Melvin_birch_data.csv", stringsAsFactors=FALSE)

## First mapping.

d1$long &lt;- -d1$long

#knwr = "J:/Goedata/Boundaries/KNWR/knwr.shp"
kp = "J:/Goedata/Boundaries/Kenai_Peninsula/Kenai_Peninsula.shp"
lakes = "J:/Goedata/Hydro/KP_lakes/lakes.shp"
#streams = "J:/Goedata/Hydro/KP_streams/streams.shp"
roads = "J:/Goedata/Transportation/Roads/roads.shp"

library(maptools)
library(rgdal)
albers &lt;- "+proj=aea +lat_1=55 +lat_2=65 +lat_0=50 +lon_0=-154 +x_0=0 +y_0=0 +ellps=GRS80 +datum=NAD83 +units=m +no_defs"
wgs84 &lt;- "+proj=longlat +ellps=WGS84 +datum=WGS84 +no_defs"
 
## Load shape files.

lakes &lt;- readShapeSpatial(lakes)
kp &lt;- readShapeSpatial(kp)
roads &lt;- readOGR(dsn=roads, layer="roads")

proj4string(lakes) &lt;- CRS(albers)

sl &lt;- !is.na(d1$long) &amp; !is.na(d1$lat)
d1 &lt;- d1[sl,]
dim(d1)
[1] 676  21

coordinates(d1) &lt;- c("long", "lat")
proj4string(d1) &lt;- CRS(wgs84)
d1a &lt;- spTransform(d1, CRS(albers))

plot(d1a)
plot(kp, add=TRUE)

## Now pulling just data for which I have birch leaf samples.
d1b &lt;- d1a[!(d1a$barcode==""),]
dim(d1b)
[1] 76 19

plot(d1b)
plot(kp, add=TRUE)


## Now making a map.
water &lt;- "#93CCEA" ## Crayola cornflower
land &lt;- "#E8E8E8" 

pdf(file="2019-08-21-1105_Melvin_birch_sample_map.pdf",
 width=6,
 height=6
 )
 par(mar=c(0.1, 0.1, 0.1, 0.1)) 
 par(bg=water)
 plot(d1b,
  pch="",
  bg=water
  )
 plot(kp,
  add=TRUE,
  col=land,
  border=land,
  lwd=1
  )
 plot(lakes,
  add=TRUE,
  col=water,
  border=water, #"#1d6b95"
  lwd=0.3
  )
 plot(roads,
  col="#aaaaaa",
  lwd=0.3,
  add=TRUE
  )
 points(
  d1b,
  lwd=1.2,
  cex=1.2
  )
dev.off()


## One of those looks suspicious.
plot(d1b, type="n")
plot(kp, add=TRUE)
text(d1b, d1b$spp_id)

## It is 3452bene2.  Maybe its latitude is off.
## Yup.  Latitude is 60.33342.  Should be 60.53342.

## Fixed this in the spreadsheet.  Reloading.
d1 &lt;- read.csv("2019-08-21-1111_Melvin_birch_data.csv", stringsAsFactors=FALSE)
d1$long &lt;- -d1$long
sl &lt;- !is.na(d1$long) &amp; !is.na(d1$lat)
d1 &lt;- d1[sl,]
coordinates(d1) &lt;- c("long", "lat")
proj4string(d1) &lt;- CRS(wgs84)
d1a &lt;- spTransform(d1, CRS(albers))
d1b &lt;- d1a[!(d1a$barcode==""),]

water &lt;- "#93CCEA" ## Crayola cornflower
land &lt;- "#E8E8E8" 

pdf(file="2019-08-21-1120_Melvin_birch_sample_map.pdf",
 width=6,
 height=6
 )
 par(mar=c(0.1, 0.1, 0.1, 0.1)) 
 par(bg=water)
 plot(d1b,
  pch="",
  bg=water
  )
 plot(kp,
  add=TRUE,
  col=land,
  border=land,
  lwd=1
  )
 plot(lakes,
  add=TRUE,
  col=water,
  border=water, #"#1d6b95"
  lwd=0.3
  )
 plot(roads,
  col="#aaaaaa",
  lwd=0.3,
  add=TRUE
  )
 points(
  d1b,
  pch=21,
  lwd=1.2,
  cex=1.2,
  col=rgb(red=0, green=0, blue=0, alpha=1.0),
  bg=rgb(red=0, green=1, blue=0, alpha=0.2)
  )
dev.off()

## Ok, now to get ready to make Arctos records.
## I intend to make a bulkloader file for all of them, but load only those for which I have leaf samples right now.
dim(d1)
[1] 676  19

COLLECTION_OBJECT_ID &lt;- 1:nrow(d1)
d2 &lt;- as.data.frame(COLLECTION_OBJECT_ID)

d2$ENTEREDBY &lt;- "mbowser"

d2$OTHER_ID_NUM_1 &lt;- d1$spp_id

d2$OTHER_ID_NUM_TYPE_1 &lt;- "field number"

d2$ACCN &lt;- "KNWR-2019.02-Melvin-Herb"

d2$TAXON_NAME &lt;- ""
d2$TAXON_NAME[d1$spp == "bene"] &lt;- "Betula neoalaskana"

d2$NATURE_OF_ID &lt;- "field"

d2$ID_MADE_BY_AGENT &lt;- ""
as.data.frame(levels(as.factor(d1$collector[!(d1$barcode=="")])))
  levels(as.factor(d1$collector[!(d1$barcode == "")]))
1                                                  cca
2                                                  frn
3                                                  rkb
4                                                  tam

d2$ID_MADE_BY_AGENT[d1$collector == "tam"] &lt;- "Tracy Melvin"
d2$ID_MADE_BY_AGENT[d1$collector == "frn"] &lt;- "Francis Nelson" ## Added Frannie to Arctos.
d2$ID_MADE_BY_AGENT[d1$collector == "cca"] &lt;- "Cullen Anderson" ## Added Cullen to Arctos.
d2$ID_MADE_BY_AGENT[d1$collector == "rkb"] &lt;- "Rachel Beach" ## Added Rachel to Arctos.

## Just checking...
levels(as.factor(d1$date[!(d1$barcode == "")]))
## This one looks suspicious: "2018-06-25"
d1[d1$date == "2018-06-25",]
## There are several from that date.  Some could be correct, but this one is not: 3774bene2. The date should be "2019-06-25"
d1$date[d1$spp_id == "3774bene2"] &lt;- "2019-06-25"

d2$MADE_DATE &lt;- d1$date

d2$VERBATIM_DATE &lt;- d1$date

d2$BEGAN_DATE &lt;- d1$date

d2$ENDED_DATE &lt;- d1$date

d2$VERIFICATIONSTATUS &lt;- "unverified"

d2$SPECIMEN_EVENT_TYPE &lt;- "collection"

d2$Event_Assigned_By_Agent &lt;- "Matt Bowser"

d2$Event_Assigned_Date &lt;- "2019-08-21"

d2$Higher_Geog &lt;- "North America, United States, Alaska, Kenai Peninsula Borough"

d2$Spec_Locality &lt;- paste(d1$description, ", plot ", d1$plot, sep="")
d2$Spec_Locality ## Looked ok.

d2$Locality_Remarks &lt;- "Location GPS averaged."

d2$Orig_Lat_Long_Units &lt;- "decimal degrees"

d2$datum &lt;- "World Geodetic System 1984"

d2$GEOREFERENCE_SOURCE &lt;- "GPS"

d2$GEOREFERENCE_PROTOCOL &lt;- "MaNIS georeferencing guidelines"

d2$Max_Error_Distance &lt;- 2

d2$Max_Error_Units &lt;- "m"

d2$Dec_Lat &lt;- coordinates(d1)[,2]

d2$Dec_Long &lt;- coordinates(d1)[,1]

d2$Verbatim_Locality &lt;- d2$Spec_Locality

d2$Collecting_Source &lt;- "wild caught"

d2$Collector_Agent_1 &lt;- d2$ID_MADE_BY_AGENT

d2$Collector_Role_1 &lt;- "collector"

d2$Part_Name_1 &lt;- "leaf (dry)"

d2$Part_lot_count_1 &lt;- 2

d2$Part_Condition_1 &lt;- "unchecked"

d2$Part_disposition_1 &lt;- "being processed"

d2$Part_Barcode_1 &lt;- d1$barcode

d2$Part_Remark_1 &lt;- "Number of leaves not counted, assumed to be 2."

d2$GUID_Prefix &lt;- "KNWR:Herb"

## Ok, I think maybe we can try loading one of these.
slbc &lt;- !(d2$Part_Barcode_1 == "")
sum(slbc)
[1] 76

d3 &lt;- d2[slbc,]

write.csv(d3[1,], "2019-08-21-1326_birch_samples_record_1.csv", row.names=FALSE)

## Cannot use the bulkloader. Using the bulkloader:
## diannakrejsa 	Dianna M. Krejsa 	dkrejsa@angelo.edu
## She finished up quickly.

## That first one loaded just fine.
write.csv(d3[2:9,], "2019-08-21-1338_birch_samples_record_02-09.csv", row.names=FALSE)

## Going for the rest.
write.csv(d3[10:76,], "2019-08-21-1340_birch_samples_record_10-76.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## Loaded all of those.  I hope they are ok.</pre>

<h2 id="toc_16">2019-08-22-0909_eurofins_submission_data.R</h2>

<pre>wd &lt;- "D:/projects/birch/2019_RADseq"
setwd(wd)

d1 &lt;- read.csv("2019-08-22-0908_loan_objects.csv", stringsAsFactors=FALSE)

d1$guid &lt;- gsub(" ", ":", d1$guid)

d1$guid &lt;- substr(d1$guid, 1, 15)

d1$url &lt;- paste("=HYPERLINK(\"http://arctos.database.museum/guid/", d1$guid, "\")", sep="")

write.csv(d1, "2019-08-22-0916_loan_objects.csv", row.names=FALSE)</pre>

<h2 id="toc_17">2019-08-22-1049_RADseq_specimen_map.R</h2>

<pre>wd &lt;- "D:/projects/birch/2019_RADseq"
setwd(wd)

library(maptools)
library(rgdal)
albers &lt;- "+proj=aea +lat_1=55 +lat_2=65 +lat_0=50 +lon_0=-154 +x_0=0 +y_0=0 +ellps=GRS80 +datum=NAD83 +units=m +no_defs"
wgs84 &lt;- "+proj=longlat +ellps=WGS84 +datum=WGS84 +no_defs"
 
## Load spatial files.
kp &lt;- readShapeSpatial("D:/geodata/Boundaries/Kenai_Peninsula/Kenai_Peninsula.shp")
load("D:/geodata/Boundaries/USA/USA_adm1.RData")
us &lt;- gadm
rm(gadm)
usab &lt;- spTransform(us, CRS(albers))

d1 &lt;- read.csv("2019-08-22-0853_box_contents.csv", stringsAsFactors=FALSE)
coordinates(d1) &lt;- c("DEC_LONG", "DEC_LAT")
proj4string(d1) &lt;- CRS(wgs84)
d1a &lt;- spTransform(d1, CRS(albers))

## Now making a map.
water &lt;- "#93CCEA" ## Crayola cornflower
land &lt;- "#E8E8E8" 

pdf(file="2019-08-22-RADseq_birch_sample_map.pdf",
 width=6,
 height=6
 )
 par(mar=c(0.1, 0.1, 0.1, 0.1)) 
 par(bg=water)
 plot(d1a,
  pch="",
  bg=water
  )
 plot(usab,
  add=TRUE,
  col=land,
  border=land,
  lwd=1
  )
 points(
  d1a,
  pch=21,
  lwd=1.2,
  cex=1.2,
  col=rgb(red=0, green=0, blue=0, alpha=1.0),
  bg=rgb(red=0, green=1, blue=0, alpha=0.2)
  )
dev.off()

## For simplemappr:
smdf &lt;- as.data.frame(d1$GUID)
smdf &lt;- cbind(smdf, coordinates(d1))

write.csv(smdf, "2019-08-22-1153_simplemappr.csv", row.names=FALSE, col.names=FALSE)

names(smdf) &lt;- c("guid", "lon", "lat")
smdf &lt;- smdf[,c(1,3,2)]
head(smdf)

write.csv(smdf, "2019-08-22-1207_simplemappr.csv", row.names=FALSE, col.names=FALSE)</pre>

<h2 id="toc_18">2019-08-28-1136_Melvin_samples.R</h2>

<pre>wd &lt;- "D:/projects/Melvin_thesis_project/NGS_samples_2019"
setwd(wd)

sn &lt;- 31:62

pfx &lt;- c(rep("soifun", 32), rep("sweart", 32), rep("soiart", 32))

sample_name &lt;- paste(pfx, rep(sn, 3), sep="")

sdf &lt;- as.data.frame(sample_name)

sdf$sample_label &lt;- sample_name

sdf$sample_type &lt;- c(rep("soil", 32), rep("mixed arthropods", 64))

sdf$assay_desired &lt;- c(rep("ITS3_KYO2/ITS4_KYO3 (GATGAAGAACGYAGYRAA/CTNTTVCCKCTTCACTCG)", 32), rep("mlCOI2/jgHCO2198 (GGWACWGGWTGAACWGTWTAYCCYCC/TAIACYTCIGGRTGICCRAARAAYCA)", 64))

sdf$n_reads_min &lt;- rep("10K", 96)

sdf$volume &lt;- ""

sdf$medium &lt;- c(rep("soil", 32), rep("propylene glycol", 64))

write.csv(sdf, "2019-08-28-1157_submission_form_data.csv", row.names=FALSE)</pre>

<h2 id="toc_19">2019-08-29-1231_sample_submission.R</h2>

<pre>wd &lt;- "D:/projects/LTEMP/2019_sample_frame/NGS_samples/soil_fungi/work_space/2019-08-29_sample_submission"
setwd(wd)

sdf &lt;- read.csv("2019-08-29-1240_sample_names.txt")

sdf$sample_label &lt;- sdf$sample_name

sdf$sample_type &lt;- "soil"

sdf$assay_desired &lt;- "ITS3mix/ITS4ngs (CANCGATGAAGAACGYRG/TCCTSCGCTTATTGATATGC)"
 CAHCGATGAAGAACGYRG
sdf$n_reads_min &lt;- "10K"

sdf$volume &lt;- ""

sdf$medium &lt;- "soil"

write.csv(sdf, "2019-08-29-1327_submission_form_data.csv", row.names=FALSE)</pre>

<h2 id="toc_20">2019-08-29-1527_Arctos_upload.R</h2>

<pre>wd &lt;- "D:/projects/Slikok_watershed/data/2016_veg_sampling/work_space/2019-08-29_Arctos_upload"
setwd(wd)

d1 &lt;- read.csv("D:/projects/Slikok_watershed/data/2016_veg_sampling/2016_Slikok_veg_data_2017-06-06-1549.csv", stringsAsFactors=FALSE)

c1 &lt;- read.csv("D:/projects/Slikok_watershed/data/2016_lichen_bryophyte_samples/work_space/2019-08-06_Arctos_upload/2019-08-19-1148_all_records_uploaded.csv", stringsAsFactors=FALSE)

d1$COLLECTION_OBJECT_ID &lt;- 1:nrow(d1)

d1$ENTEREDBY &lt;- "mbowser"

d1$ACCN &lt;- "KNWR-2016.02-Slikok-Herb"

names(d1)[2] &lt;- "TAXON_NAME"

d1$NATURE_OF_ID &lt;- "field"

d1$ID_MADE_BY_AGENT &lt;- "Matt Bowser"

## Getting the identification date will take a little more effort...
a1 &lt;- read.csv("D:/projects/Slikok_watershed/data/2016_lichen_bryophyte_samples/work_space/2019-08-06_Arctos_upload/2019-08-19-1204_specimen_data_download.csv", stringsAsFactors=FALSE)
ev &lt;- unique(a1[42:830,c("SPEC_LOCALITY", "COLLECTING_EVENT_ID", "BEGAN_DATE", "VERBATIM_DATE")])
ev$plot &lt;- substr(ev$SPEC_LOCALITY, nchar(ev$SPEC_LOCALITY)-3, nchar(ev$SPEC_LOCALITY))

library(sqldf)
ev1 &lt;- sqldf('
select
 ev.COLLECTING_EVENT_ID,
 ev.BEGAN_DATE,
 ev.VERBATIM_DATE
from
 d1 left outer join
 ev
on
 d1.plot = ev.plot
')

d1$MADE_DATE &lt;- ev1$BEGAN_DATE

d1$VERBATIM_DATE &lt;- ev1$VERBATIM_DATE

d1$COLLECTING_EVENT_ID &lt;- ev1$COLLECTING_EVENT_ID

## Need to correct the ones from MG06 where cryptogams and vascular plants were sampled at different times.

## This is the COLLECTING_EVENT_ID that needs to be replaced:
## 10975197
## New veg records are same locality (10755095), but on "07/18/16".
## I added the new event in Arctos (11339318).

sl &lt;- d1$COLLECTING_EVENT_ID == 10975197
d1[sl,]

## Saw an error.
sl &lt;- d1$TAXON_NAME == "Streptopus amplexicaulis"
d1$TAXON_NAME[sl] &lt;- "Streptopus amplexifolius"

## Now fixing that event.
sl &lt;- d1$COLLECTING_EVENT_ID == 10975197
d1$COLLECTING_EVENT_ID[sl] &lt;- 11339318
d1$VERBATIM_DATE[sl] &lt;- "07/18/16"
d1$MADE_DATE[sl] &lt;- "2016-07-18"

## That's all for today.
save.image("2019-08-29-1612_workspace.RData")</pre>

<h2 id="toc_21">2019-09-05-1136_Arctos_upload.R</h2>
<pre>wd &lt;- "D:/projects/Slikok_watershed/data/2016_veg_sampling/work_space/2019-08-29_Arctos_upload"
setwd(wd)

load("2019-08-29-1612_workspace.RData")

## I need to make a different accession for these since they should go into KNWRObs:Herb.
d1$ACCN &lt;- "KNWR-2016.01-Slikok-ObsHerb"

d1$BEGAN_DATE &lt;- d1$MADE_DATE

d1$ENDED_DATE &lt;- d1$MADE_DATE

d1$EVENT_ASSIGNED_BY_AGENT &lt;- "Matt Bowser"

d1$EVENT_ASSIGNED_DATE &lt;- "2019-09-05"

d1$VERIFICATIONSTATUS &lt;- "unverified"

d1$GUID_PREFIX &lt;- "KNWRObs:Herb"

d1$PART_NAME_1 &lt;- "media"

d1$PART_CONDITION_1 &lt;- "not applicable"

d1$PART_LOT_COUNT_1 &lt;- 1

d1$PART_DISPOSITION_1 &lt;- "not applicable"

d1$SPECIMEN_EVENT_TYPE &lt;- "observation"

d1 &lt;- d1[,2:ncol(d1)]

## Time to try uploading one record.
write.csv(d1[1,], "2019-09-05-1158_SlikokObsHerb_record_1.csv", row.names=FALSE)

## That was missing collector info. Fixing this.
d1$Collector_Agent_1 &lt;- "Matt Bowser"

d1$Collector_Role_1 &lt;- "collector"

## That loaded ok. Going for some more.
write.csv(d1[2:10,], "2019-09-05-1202_SlikokObsHerb_records_002-010.csv", row.names=FALSE)

## Ok, going for the rest.
write.csv(d1[11:830,], "2019-09-05-1218_SlikokObsHerb_records_011-830.csv", row.names=FALSE)

## 2 records would not load...
#; TAXON_NAME (Equisetum flauintnle) not found
#; TAXON_NAME (Equisetrum sylvaticum) not found

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Equisetum flauintnle"] &lt;- "Equisetum fluviatile"
d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Equisetrum sylvaticum"] &lt;- "Equisetum sylvaticum"

write.csv(d1[11:830,], "2019-09-05-1223_SlikokObsHerb_records_011-830.csv", row.names=FALSE)</pre>

<h2 id="toc_22">2019-09-05-2210_Arctos_upload.R</h2>

<pre>wd &lt;- "D:/projects/Slikok_watershed/data/2016_arthropod_samples/NGS_data/work_space/2019-09-05_Arctos_upload"
setwd(wd)

a1 &lt;- read.csv("2019-09-05-1611_Arctos_download.csv", stringsAsFactors=FALSE)

dim(a1)
[1] 125  20

o1 &lt;- read.csv("2019-07-18-1220_otu_table.csv", stringsAsFactors=FALSE)

dim(o1)

[1] 2348  126

i1 &lt;- read.csv("2019-09-05-1603_ids.csv", stringsAsFactors=FALSE)

dim(i1)
[1] 2182   25

library(reshape2)

names(o1)[1] &lt;- "otu_id"
o2 &lt;- melt(o1, id.vars="otu_id")
names(o2)[2:3] &lt;- c("Other_Id_Num_1", "n_reads")
dim(o2)
[1] 293500      3

o2 &lt;- o2[o2$n_reads &gt; 0,]
dim(o2)
[1] 4111    3

o2$Other_Id_Num_1 &lt;- gsub("KNWREnto", "KNWR:Ento:", o2$Other_Id_Num_1)

## Now joining otu table occurrences with identifications.
library(sqldf)

d1 &lt;- sqldf('
select
 o2.*,
 i1.accepted_id as TAXON_NAME,
 i1.notes as Identification_Remarks
from
 i1 left outer join
 o2
on
 o2.otu_id = i1.otuid
')
dim(d1)
[1] 3966    5

## How many observations is this?
dim(unique(d1[,c("Other_Id_Num_1", "TAXON_NAME")]))
[1] 2375    2
## so 2K+ observations/records, provided that there are no mistakes.

## Just looking at these.
levels(as.factor(d1$TAXON_NAME))

## I need to reformat many of these as Arctos' "A string" format, e.g. "Peltigera {Peltigera conspersa nom. prov.}".

spt &lt;- strsplit(d1$TAXON_NAME, " sp. ")

A &lt;- sapply(spt, "[", 1)
string &lt;- sapply(spt, "[", 2)

sl &lt;- !is.na(string)
d1$TAXON_NAME[sl] &lt;- paste(A[sl], " {", d1$TAXON_NAME[sl], "}", sep="")

write.csv(levels(as.factor(d1$TAXON_NAME)), "2019-09-05-2252_taxon_names.csv", row.names=FALSE)

## Now for individual fixes...

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Aperileptus jft05"] &lt;- "Aperileptus {Aperileptus sp. jft05}"

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Atractodes jft03
"] &lt;- "Atractodes {Atractodes sp. jft03}"

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Choeras jft31"] &lt;- "Choeras {Choeras sp. jft31}"

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Dinotrema jft01"] &lt;- "Dinotrema {Dinotrema sp. jft01}"

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Eupithecia cf. misturata"] &lt;- "Eupithecia {Eupithecia cf. misturata}"

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Exothecinae"] &lt;- "Exothecinae {Exothecinae sp. BOLD:AAM7467}"

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Glyptotendipes cf. cauliginellus"] &lt;- "Glyptotendipes {Glyptotendipes cf. cauliginellus}"

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Lasiomma nr. consobrinum"] &lt;- "Lasiomma {Lasiomma nr. consobrinum}"

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Microplitis jft06"] &lt;- "Microplitis {Microplitis sp. jft06}"

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Praon cf. flavinode"] &lt;- "Praon {Praon cf. flavinode}"

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Stenomacrus jft20"] &lt;- "Stenomacrus {Stenomacrus sp. jft20}"

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Tanytarsus cf. dispar"] &lt;- "Tanytarsus {Tanytarsus cf. dispar}"

## Saving here.
save.image("2019-09-05-2328_workspace.RData")</pre>

<h2 id="toc_23">2019-09-06-1153_Arctos_upload.R</h2>

<pre>wd &lt;- "D:/projects/Slikok_watershed/data/2016_arthropod_samples/NGS_data/work_space05_Arctos_upload/2019-09-"
setwd(wd)

load("2019-09-05-2328_workspace.RData")

## A couple of more names to fix...

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Simulium arcticum complex"] &lt;- "Simulium {Simulium arcticum complex}"

d1$TAXON_NAME[d1$TAXON_NAME == "Simulium venustum complex"] &lt;- "Simulium {Simulium venustum complex}"

## The biggest question is how best to incorporate the 1:n relationships of site*taxon:otu relationships in Arctos.  In this case I think I will not include the actual sequences.  I will link all records to a FASTA file.  Should the otus be Other_Id_Num values?  It seems this would be appropriate.

## I am going to make thes ids more unique.
d1$otu_id &lt;- paste("Slikok", d1$otu_id, sep="")

## Ok, I think I will capture otu_ids and abundances in part remarks.
## I will also need to capture the identification notes.
## Later I will add the Other_Id_Num values.

levels(as.factor(d1$Identification_Remarks))
sl &lt;- !is.na(d1$Identification_Remarks)
d1$Identification_Remarks[sl] &lt;- paste(d1$otu_id[sl], ": ", d1$Identification_Remarks[sl], sep="")
d1$Identification_Remarks[!sl] &lt;- ""
levels(as.factor(d1$Identification_Remarks))
 [1] ""                                                                                                      
 [2] "SlikokOtu1060: 100% match with multiple private records on BOLD."                                      
 [3] "SlikokOtu129: 100% match with a private record on BOLD."                                               
 [4] "SlikokOtu1335: 100% match with a private record on BOLD."                                              
 [5] "SlikokOtu145: 99.03% similarity with a sequence of Ophiola decumana on BOLD."                          
 [6] "SlikokOtu1533: 100% similarity to private records of Mycomya prominens and Mycomya subarctica on BOLD."
 [7] "SlikokOtu1686: There were multiple species with 100% similarity on BOLD."                              
 [8] "SlikokOtu1765: Closest to and maybe conspecific with Cinara mariana"                                   
 [9] "SlikokOtu1854: 100% similarity to a private record on BOLD."                                           
[10] "SlikokOtu1857: This may be a new record for Alaska, but the name should be checked."                   
[11] "SlikokOtu1977: 98.91% similar to sequences identified as Aphidius schimitscheki."                      
[12] "SlikokOtu2233: Closest to and maybe conspecific with Cinara mariana"                                   
[13] "SlikokOtu2268: 99.01% similarity with a  sequence of Colladonus tahotus on BOLD."                      
[14] "SlikokOtu2291: Closest matches on BLAST are all in the genus Fergusobia."                              
[15] "SlikokOtu251: 100% similarity with private records on BOLD."                                           
[16] "SlikokOtu592: All closest matches on BOLD are Hydroptilidae."                                          
[17] "SlikokOtu645: This could be a new exotic species record for Alaska."                                   
[18] "SlikokOtu734: 100% similarity to a private record on BOLD."                                            
[19] "SlikokOtu839: All most similar sequences were Gelechiidae."                                            
[20] "SlikokOtu861: 99.68% similar to a private record on BOLD."                                             
[21] "SlikokOtu890: 100% identidy with GenBank accession KC211031.1"                                         
[22] "SlikokOtu920: 99.68% similarity to private record on BOLD."                                            
[23] "SlikokOtu963: 99.13% similarity to private record on BOLD."                                            
[24] "SlikokOtu987: New record for AK? See Mata-Casanova et al. (2018)"  

## Sorting.
d1 &lt;- d1[order(d1$Other_Id_Num_1, d1$TAXON_NAME, -d1$n_reads, d1$otu_id),]

d1$Part_Remark_1 &lt;- paste(d1$otu_id, ": ", d1$n_reads, " reads", sep="")

d2 &lt;- aggregate(d1$Part_Remark_1, by=list(d1$TAXON_NAME, d1$Other_Id_Num_1), FUN=paste, sep=" ")

names(d2) &lt;- c("TAXON_NAME", "Other_Id_Num_1", "Part_Remark_1")
dim(d2)
[1] 2375    3

d2$Part_Remark_1 &lt;- as.character(d2$Part_Remark_1)
d2$Part_Remark_1 &lt;- gsub("\"", "", d2$Part_Remark_1)
d2$Part_Remark_1 &lt;- gsub("c\\(", "", d2$Part_Remark_1)
d2$Part_Remark_1 &lt;- gsub("\\)", "", d2$Part_Remark_1)

ag2 &lt;- aggregate(d1$Identification_Remarks, by=list(d1$TAXON_NAME, d1$Other_Id_Num_1), FUN=paste, sep=" ")
ag2$x &lt;- as.character(ag2$x)
ag2$x &lt;- gsub("\"", "", ag2$x)
ag2$x &lt;- gsub("c\\(", "", ag2$x)
ag2$x &lt;- gsub("\\)", "", ag2$x)
ag2$x &lt;- gsub(", ", "", ag2$x)
levels(as.factor(ag2$x))

d2$Identification_Remarks &lt;- ag2$x

## Just checking...
sl &lt;- !(d2$Identification_Remarks == "")
d2[sl,]  ## looked pretty good.  There were a couple of places where commas or paranthesis were dropped, but this is ok.

d2$Identification_Remarks[d2$Identification_Remarks == "SlikokOtu987: New record for AK? See Mata-Casanova et al. (2018"] &lt;- "SlikokOtu987: New record for AK? See Mata-Casanova et al. (2018)"

d2$Identification_Remarks[d2$Identification_Remarks == "SlikokOtu1857: This may be a new record for Alaskabut the name should be checked."] &lt;- "SlikokOtu1857: This may be a new record for Alaska, but the name should be checked."

## Ok, now I think we can join these data to the bulk records.
library(sqldf)

d3 &lt;- sqldf('
select
 d2.*,
 a1.COLLECTORS,
 a1.VERBATIM_DATE,
 a1.BEGAN_DATE,
 a1.ENDED_DATE,
 a1.COLLECTING_EVENT_ID,
 a1.COLLECTING_SOURCE,
 a1.ACCN_NUMBER as ACCN,
 a1.SPEC_LOCALITY as Verbatim_Locality
from
 d2 left outer join
 a1
on
 d2.Other_Id_Num_1 = a1.GUID
')
## Checking...
dim(d3)
[1] 2375   11 ## Ok.

cl &lt;- strsplit(d3$COLLECTORS, ", ")
d3$Collector_Agent_1 &lt;- sapply(cl, "[", 1)
d3$Collector_Agent_2 &lt;- sapply(cl, "[", 2)
d3$Collector_Agent_3 &lt;- sapply(cl, "[", 3)
d3$Collector_Role_1 &lt;- "collector"
d3$Collector_Role_2 &lt;- "collector"
d3$Collector_Role_3 &lt;- "collector"
sl &lt;- is.na(d3$Collector_Agent_2)
d3$Collector_Agent_2[sl] &lt;- ""
d3$Collector_Role_2[sl] &lt;- ""
sl &lt;- is.na(d3$Collector_Agent_3)
d3$Collector_Agent_3[sl] &lt;- ""
d3$Collector_Role_3[sl] &lt;- ""
## Dropping the COLLECTORS field...
d3 &lt;- d3[,!grepl("COLLECTORS", names(d3))]

## Now populating the rest of the required fields.
d3$COLLECTION_OBJECT_ID &lt;- 1:nrow(d3)

d3$ENTEREDBY &lt;- "mbowser"

d3$NATURE_OF_ID &lt;- "molecular data"

d3$ID_MADE_BY_AGENT &lt;- "Matt Bowser"

d3$MADE_DATE &lt;- 2019

d3$PART_NAME_1 &lt;- "media"

d3$PART_CONDITION_1 &lt;- "not applicable"

d3$PART_LOT_COUNT_1 &lt;- 1

d3$PART_DISPOSITION_1 &lt;- "not applicable"

## Need to fix the other_id...
d3$Other_Id_Num_1 &lt;- gsub("KNWR:Ento:", "", d3$Other_Id_Num_1)

d3$Other_Id_Num_Type_1 &lt;- "KNWR:Ento"

d3$Other_Id_References_1 &lt;- "same lot as"

d3$GUID_PREFIX &lt;- "UAMObs:Ento"

d3$EVENT_ASSIGNED_BY_AGENT &lt;- "Matt Bowser"

d3$EVENT_ASSIGNED_DATE &lt;- "2019-09-06"

d3$SPECIMEN_EVENT_TYPE &lt;- "collection"

d3$COLLECTING_METHOD &lt;- "50 m2 sweep net sample"

## Saving here.
save.image("2019-09-06-1359_workspace.RData")

## Oh, I need a new accession.

d3$ACCN &lt;- "UAM-2019.02-Slikok_Creek_bioinventory-Ento"

write.csv(d3[1,], "2019-09-06-1403_Slikok_Arctos_upload_record_1.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## That loaded. Going for a few more.

write.csv(d3[2:10,], "2019-09-06-1403_Slikok_Arctos_upload_records_002-010.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## Ok, going for a bigger batch.

write.csv(d3[11:100,], "2019-09-06-1424_Slikok_Arctos_upload_records_011-100.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## Those loaded.

write.csv(d3[101:500,], "2019-09-06-1430_Slikok_Arctos_upload_records_101-500.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## 6 of 400 records will not successfully load.

ste &lt;- read.csv("2019-09-06-1440_bulkloader_stage_errors.csv")
levels(ste$LOADED)
[1] ""                                                 
[2] "; TAXON_NAME (Macrosteles cristatus) not found"   
[3] "; TAXON_NAME (Pachynematus albipennis) not found" 
[4] "; TAXON_NAME (Platycheirus angustatus4) not found"
[5] "; TAXON_NAME (Trichosia townesi) not found"       
[6] "; TAXON_NAME (Ypsolopha senex) not found"

ste[ste$LOADED == "; TAXON_NAME (Macrosteles cristatus) not found",]
## That would be a new North America record.  I double-checked it.  The BOLD Taxon ID Tree looks good.
## Macrosteles cristatus (Ribaut, 1927)
## Macrosteles cristata is in Arctos already.  This is a synonym. See http://dmitriev.speciesfile.org/taxahelp.asp?hc=34936&amp;key=Erythroneura&amp;lng=En

d3$TAXON_NAME[d3$TAXON_NAME == "Macrosteles cristatus"] &lt;- "Macrosteles cristata"

## Pachynematus albipennis
## Pachynematus albipennis (Hartig, 1837)
## From GBIF:
Species
Pachynematus albipennis (Hartig, 1837)

    
    Euura albipennis (Hartig, 1837)
    
    Nematus albipennis Hartig, 1837
    =
    Nematus obscuratus Zaddach, 1883
    =
    Pachynematus sannio Konow, 1904
    
    Polynematus albipennis (Hartig, 1837)
## None of those are in Arctos.  I added Pachynematus albipennis.

## Platycheirus angustatus4
d3$TAXON_NAME[d3$TAXON_NAME == "Platycheirus angustatus4"] &lt;- "Platycheirus {Platycheirus sp. angustatus4}"

## Trichosia townesi
Trichosia townesi (Shaw, 1935)
Until recently (2013) Sciara townesi. Going with this for now.

d3$TAXON_NAME[d3$TAXON_NAME == "Trichosia townesi"] &lt;- "Sciara townesi"

## Ypsolopha senex
## Ypsolopha senex (Walsingham, 1889) 
## Synonyms:     Trachoma senex Walsingham, 1889,     Cerostoma koebelella Dyar, 1900
## Added Ypsolopha senex to Arctos.

write.csv(d3[101:500,], "2019-09-06-1527_Slikok_Arctos_upload_records_101-500.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## Got an error: check constraint (UAM.CK_BL_PART_REMARK_1_NOPRINT) violated 

levels(as.factor(d3$Part_Remark_1))

sum(!(d3$Part_Remark_1 == trimws(d3$Part_Remark_1)))
[1] 2  ## So there are a couple with white space...

d3$Part_Remark_1 &lt;- trimws(d3$Part_Remark_1)

write.csv(d3[101:500,], "2019-09-06-1535_Slikok_Arctos_upload_records_101-500.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## Got the same error.  Have to stop here for now.
save.image("2019-09-06-1540_workspace.RData")

## Resuming later.
wd &lt;- "D:/projects/Slikok_watershed/data/2016_arthropod_samples/NGS_data/work_space/2019-09-05_Arctos_upload"
setwd(wd)

load("2019-09-06-1540_workspace.RData")

## Scrutinizing those remarks...
write.csv(d3$Part_Remark_1, "2019-09-06-2128_part_remarks.csv")
## I did not find any obvious problems.
## Narrowing by loading just some of these records.
write.csv(d3[101:200,], "2019-09-06-2133_Slikok_Arctos_upload_records_101-200.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## Got the same error: check constraint (UAM.CK_BL_PART_REMARK_1_NOPRINT) violated
## There must be an extra white space character or something present.
d3$Part_Remark_1[101:200]

## Trying a smaller number.
write.csv(d3[101:110,], "2019-09-06-2140_Slikok_Arctos_upload_records_101-110.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## That loaded just fine.

write.csv(d3[111:130,], "2019-09-06-2144_Slikok_Arctos_upload_records_111-130.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## That loaded.

write.csv(d3[131:150,], "2019-09-06-2147_Slikok_Arctos_upload_records_131-150.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## Got the same error.  A bad record is in here somewhere.
d3$Part_Remark_1[131:150]

nchar(d3$Part_Remark_1[131:150])
## One of these is over 600 characters long.  Maybe that is too long.
## What is the longest?
max(nchar(d3$Part_Remark_1))
[1] 1160

## I think I must split these big ones up.
pr1 &lt;- strsplit(d3$Part_Remark_1, ", ")
lengths(pr1)
max(lengths(pr1))
[1] 48

## So the record we are having trouble with (147) has 26 items.  We have loaded a list with a dozen items with no problem.  Cutting into groups of 12 now.

prl &lt;- lengths(pr1)
pru &lt;- unlist(pr1)

#d3$PART_NAME_1 &lt;- "media"
#d3$PART_CONDITION_1 &lt;- "not applicable"
#d3$PART_LOT_COUNT_1 &lt;- 1
#d3$PART_DISPOSITION_1 &lt;- "not applicable"

d3$PART_NAME_2 &lt;- ""
d3$PART_CONDITION_2 &lt;- ""
d3$PART_LOT_COUNT_2 &lt;- ""
d3$PART_DISPOSITION_2 &lt;- ""
d3$Part_Remark_2 &lt;- ""

d3$PART_NAME_3 &lt;- ""
d3$PART_CONDITION_3 &lt;- ""
d3$PART_LOT_COUNT_3 &lt;- ""
d3$PART_DISPOSITION_3 &lt;- ""
d3$Part_Remark_3 &lt;- ""

d3$PART_NAME_4 &lt;- ""
d3$PART_CONDITION_4 &lt;- ""
d3$PART_LOT_COUNT_4 &lt;- ""
d3$PART_DISPOSITION_4 &lt;- ""
d3$Part_Remark_4 &lt;- ""

for(this_record in 1:5)
 {
 st &lt;- sum(prl[1:(this_record - 1)]) + 1
 if (prl[this_record] &gt; 12)
  {
  if (prl[this_record] &gt; 24)
   {tm &lt;- 24}
  else
   {tm &lt;- prl[this_record]}
  d3$PART_NAME_2 &lt;- "media"
  d3$PART_CONDITION_2 &lt;- "not applicable"
  d3$PART_LOT_COUNT_2 &lt;- 1
  d3$PART_DISPOSITION_2 &lt;- "not applicable"
  }
  print(st) 
 }
## Saving here.
save.image("2019-09-06-2227_workspace.RData")</pre>

<h2 id="toc_24">2019-09-09-0954_Arctos_upload.R</h2>

<pre>wd &lt;- "D:/projects/Slikok_watershed/data/2016_arthropod_samples/NGS_data/work_space/2019-09-05_Arctos_upload"
setwd(wd)

load("2019-09-06-2227_workspace.RData")

## Now the first 130 records have been loaded.  I am now trying to break up a large remarks field that appears to be too long to load.
d4 &lt;- d3
lngs &lt;- lengths(pr1)
st &lt;- 1
for(this_record in c(1:4, 250:260)) ## range 250:260 includes the longest record (48 otus)
 {
 tm &lt;- NA
 print(paste("record: ", this_record))
 print(paste("start: ", st))
 notu &lt;- lngs[this_record]
 print(paste("n otus: ", notu))
 if (lngs[this_record] &gt; 12)
  {
  d4$Part_Remark_1 &lt;- paste(pru[st:(st+11)], collapse=", ")
  if (lngs[this_record] &gt; 24)
   {tm &lt;- 24}
  else
   {tm &lt;- lngs[this_record]}
  print(paste("second batch stop: ", tm))
  d4$PART_NAME_2 &lt;- "media"
  d4$PART_CONDITION_2 &lt;- "not applicable"
  d4$PART_LOT_COUNT_2 &lt;- 1
  d4$PART_DISPOSITION_2 &lt;- "not applicable"
  d4$Part_Remark_2 &lt;- paste(pru[(st+12):(st+(tm-1))], collapse=", ")
  }
 ## Start point for the next record. 
 st &lt;- sum(lngs[1:(this_record)]) + 1 
 }

\nSlikokOtu787
## What is that?  That could have been the problem all along.
d3$Part_Remark_1 &lt;- gsub("\\n", "", d3$Part_Remark_1)

## Trying to load again now.
write.csv(d3[131:150,], "2019-09-09-1002_Slikok_Arctos_upload_records_131-150.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## That worked!

## Going for some more.
write.csv(d3[151:500,], "2019-09-09-1004_Slikok_Arctos_upload_records_151-500.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## Those loaded.  Going for the next 500.

write.csv(d3[501:1000,], "2019-09-09-1038_Slikok_Arctos_upload_records_0501-1000.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## 3 of 500 records will not successfully load. 
err &lt;- read.csv("2019-09-09-1042_bulkloader_stage_errors.csv")
levels(err$LOADED)
[1] ""                                               
[2] "; TAXON_NAME (Bradysia moestula) not found"     
[3] "; TAXON_NAME (Nematus leucopyga) not found"     
[4] "; TAXON_NAME (Strongylogaster macula) not found"

Bradysia moestula Tuomikoski, 1960
According to GBIF, this is a synonym of Bradysia forcipulata (Lundbeck, 1898)
Bradysia forcipulata is in Arctos.
Vilkamaa (2014) had both of these sepecies names in a checklist as valid names (https://doi.org/10.3897/zookeys.441.7381).
Found it. Mohrig and Menzel (1993) established the synonymy.
However, Vilkamaa (2014) uses both names.  I will go with the latter for now because it is more current and because this will preserve the original identification.
Found it: Vilkamaa and Hippa (2009) re-established Bradysia moestula Tuomikoski, 1960 as a valid species.
Added Bradysia moestula to Arctos.

Nematus leucopyga
From GBIF:
 Nematus leucopyga (Lindqvist, 1949)

    
    Amauronematus leucopyga Lindqvist, 1949
    =
    Pteronidea bipicta Lindqvist, 1959
## None of those are in Arctos, but the ID looks reasonable.
Added Nematus leucopyga to Arctos.

Strongylogaster macula
From GBIF:
 Strongylogaster macula (Klug, 1817)

    
    Tenthredo macula Klug, 1817
    =
    Thrinax intermedia Konow, 1885
## None of those are in Arctos. ID looks good, though...
Added Strongylogaster macula to Arctos.

## Now those records loaded.

## Making the next batch...
write.csv(d3[1001:1500,], "2019-09-09-1124_Slikok_Arctos_upload_records_1001-1500.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## Got error: 3 of 500 records will not successfully load. 

err &lt;- read.csv("2019-09-09-1129_bulkloader_stage_errors.csv")
levels(err$LOADED)
[1] ""                                             
[2] "; TAXON_NAME (Brachycampta czernyi) not found"
[3] "; TAXON_NAME (Sceptonia fumipes) not found"   

Brachycampta czernyi
GBIF has 
Species
Allodia czernyi (Landrock, 1912)

    
    Brachycampta czernyi Landrock, 1912
All are European records. Mine is a 99.67% match with a record not released yet identified as Brachycampta czernyi. Looks good.
Brachycampta czernyi synonym Allodia czernyi
http://sciaroidea.info/taxonomy/48174 - has Allodia czernyi as current name.
Allodia czernyi is in Arctos.

d3$TAXON_NAME[d3$TAXON_NAME == "Brachycampta czernyi"] &lt;- "Allodia czernyi"

Sceptonia fumipes
Sceptonia fumipes Edwards, 1925
## That looks good. Added Sceptonia fumipes to Arctos.

write.csv(d3[1001:1500,], "2019-09-09-1149_Slikok_Arctos_upload_records_1001-1500.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## That worked.

## Going for the rest.
write.csv(d3[1501:2375,], "2019-09-09-1156_Slikok_Arctos_upload_records_1501-2375.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## 13 of 875 records will not successfully load.

err &lt;- read.csv("2019-09-09-1159_bulkloader_stage_errors.csv")
levels(err$LOADED)
 [1] ""                                                 
 [2] "; TAXON_NAME (Anacharis eucharoides) not found"   
 [3] "; TAXON_NAME (Atractodes jft03) not found"        
 [4] "; TAXON_NAME (Baeosciara scotica) not found"      
 [5] "; TAXON_NAME (Baeosciara) not found"              
 [6] "; TAXON_NAME (Contacyphon variabilis) not found"  
 [7] "; TAXON_NAME (Diapridae) not found"               
 [8] "; TAXON_NAME (Euscelis monodens) not found"       
 [9] "; TAXON_NAME (Exechia parva) not found"           
[10] "; TAXON_NAME (Lispocephala erythrocera) not found"

Anacharis eucharoides
Anacharis eucharoides (Dalman, 1818)
From GBIF:
 Anacharis eucharoides (Dalman, 1818)

    =
    Anacharis tinctus Walker, 1835
    =
    Anacharis typicus Walker, 1835
    
    Cynips eucharoides Dalman, 1818
    =
    Cynips petiolata Zetterstedt, 1838
    =
    Megapelmus spheciformis Hartig, 1840
## None of those names are in Arctos.
## I checked the sequence / BOLD.  There are multiple North American records including westernmost Canada, so this looks good.
## Added Anacharis eucharoides to Arctos.

Atractodes jft03 ## Just missed that one.
d3$TAXON_NAME[d3$TAXON_NAME == "Atractodes jft03"] &lt;- "Atractodes {Atractodes sp. jft03}"

Baeosciara scotica
Baeosciara scotica (Edwards, 1925)
## No synonyms on GBIF.
Trichosia scotica (Edwards, 1925) 
Sciara scotica Edwards, 1925 
Vilkamaa (2003) has Baeosciara scotica from Alaska.
This appears to be the currently valid name.
Added Vilkamaa (2003) to Arctos.
Added Baeosciara scotica (Edwards, 1925) to Arctos.
UAM-2019.03-Vilkamaa2003-Ento

USA, Alaska, 11 mi S Anderson Jct., Rte 3, mi 270, alder-poplarspruce, malaise trap, 23.VI.2.VIII.1984, S. &amp; J. Peck, 1 male (MZH).
Zoological Museum, Finnish Museum of Natural History, Helsinki

Contacyphon variabilis
This is Cyphon variabilis in Arctos.

d3$TAXON_NAME[d3$TAXON_NAME == "Contacyphon variabilis"] &lt;- "Cyphon variabilis"

Diapridae (mispelling)

d3$TAXON_NAME[d3$TAXON_NAME == "Diapridae"] &lt;- "Diapriidae"

Euscelis monodens
This is a nomen nudum from BOLD.
BOLD:ACG7815

d3$TAXON_NAME[d3$TAXON_NAME == "Euscelis monodens"] &lt;- "Euscelis {Euscelis sp. BOLD:ACG7815}"

Exechia parva
Exechia parva Lundstrm, 1909
## That one is a 100% match with a private record from Norway.  Calling it good even though I saw no records of this species from North America.
Exechia parava Lundstrom, 1909 is in Arctos and GBIF. Which is correct?
Exechia parva appears to be the correct spelling.
It is Exechia parva in Lundstrom (1909), p. 50.
Added Exechia parva to Arctos.

Lispocephala erythrocera
From GBIF:

Accepted name
Species Caricea erythrocera Robineau-Desvoidy, 1830
Synonym

Lispocephala erythrocera (Robineau-Desvoidy, 1830) 

Caricea erythrocera is in Arctos.

d3$TAXON_NAME[d3$TAXON_NAME == "Lispocephala erythrocera"] &lt;- "Caricea erythrocera"

## That might work now.
write.csv(d3[1501:2375,], "2019-09-09-1348_Slikok_Arctos_upload_records_1501-2375.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## 3 of 875 records will not successfully load.

err &lt;- read.csv("2019-09-09-1351_bulkloader_stage_errors.csv")
levels(err$LOADED)
[1] ""                                          
[2] "; TAXON_NAME (Diapridae) not found"        
[3] "; TAXON_NAME (Euscelis monodens) not found"

## Apparently forgot to paste these commands into R:
d3$TAXON_NAME[d3$TAXON_NAME == "Diapridae"] &lt;- "Diapriidae"
d3$TAXON_NAME[d3$TAXON_NAME == "Euscelis monodens"] &lt;- "Euscelis {Euscelis sp. BOLD:ACG7815}"

## Trying again.
write.csv(d3[1501:2375,], "2019-09-09-1353_Slikok_Arctos_upload_records_1501-2375.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## 3 of 875 records will not successfully load. 

err &lt;- read.csv("2019-09-09-1356_bulkloader_stage_errors.csv")
levels(err$LOADED)
[1] ""                                          
[2] "; TAXON_NAME (Diapridae) not found"        
[3] "; TAXON_NAME (Euscelis monodens) not found"

d3[d3$TAXON_NAME == "Diapridae",]

levels(as.factor(d3$TAXON_NAME))
## Here they are.
[271] "Diapridae {Diapridae sp. SlikokOtu2345}"                            
[272] "Diapridae {Diapridae sp. SlikokOtu2346}" 
[385] "Euscelis monodens {Euscelis monodens sp. nov}"   

d3$TAXON_NAME[d3$TAXON_NAME == "Diapridae {Diapridae sp. SlikokOtu2345}"] &lt;- "Diapriidae {Diapriidae sp. SlikokOtu2345}"
d3$TAXON_NAME[d3$TAXON_NAME == "Diapridae {Diapridae sp. SlikokOtu2346}"] &lt;- "Diapriidae {Diapriidae sp. SlikokOtu2346}"
d3$TAXON_NAME[d3$TAXON_NAME == "Euscelis monodens {Euscelis monodens sp. nov}"] &lt;- "Euscelis {Euscelis sp. BOLD:ACG7815}"

## Trying again.
write.csv(d3[1501:2375,], "2019-09-09-1400_Slikok_Arctos_upload_records_1501-2375.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## That loaded!


http://arctos.database.museum/guid/UAMObs:Ento:238581 ## First record of this dataset. Looked good.
http://arctos.database.museum/guid/UAMObs:Ento:239581 ## Good.
http://arctos.database.museum/guid/UAMObs:Ento:240000 ## Good.
238581 + 2374
[1] 240955 ## This or 240956 or so may be the last record.  I had entered the one literature-based Baeosciara scotica record.
http://arctos.database.museum/guid/UAMObs:Ento:240500 ## That one was not up yet.  I think I just need to wait until tomorrow.

Vilkamaa, P. 2003. Review of the genus Baeosciara Tuomikoski (Diptera: Sciaridae). Entomologica Fennica 14:220-226.</pre>

<h2 id="toc_25">2019-09-10-0639_adding_relationships.R</h2>

<pre>wd &lt;- "/home/matt/Documents/FWS/homework/2019-09-10_Slikok_identifiers"
setwd(wd)

d1 &lt;- read.csv("2019-09-10-0638_Arctos_download.csv")

guid_prefix &lt;- rep("UAMObs:Ento", nrow(d1))
d2 &lt;- as.data.frame(guid_prefix)

d2$existing_other_id_type &lt;- "catalog number"

d2$existing_other_id_number &lt;- gsub("UAMObs:Ento:", "", d1$GUID)

d2$new_other_id_number &lt;- gsub("\\(same lot as\\) KNWR:Ento http://arctos.database.museum/guid/KNWR:Ento:", "", d1$RELATEDCATALOGEDITEMS)

d2$new_other_id_type &lt;- "KNWR:Ento"

d2$new_other_id_references &lt;- "same lot as"

## Trying one record.
write.csv(d2[1,], "2019-09-10-0653_relationship_record_1.csv", row.names=FALSE)

## Had some trouble initially.  Trying record 2.
write.csv(d2[2,], "2019-09-10-0705_relationship_record_2.csv", row.names=FALSE)

## Getting "identifier exists" when I try to validate these.
## Saving the rest anyway.
write.csv(d2[], "2019-09-10-0710_relationships.csv", row.names=FALSE)</pre>

<h2 id="toc_26">2019-09-10-0920_uploading_media.R</h2>
<pre>## First making a FASTA file to upload to Arctos.
wd &lt;- "D:/projects/Slikok_watershed/data/2016_arthropod_samples/NGS_data/work_space/2019-06-17_Yeti"
setwd(wd)

library(Biostrings)

fas1 &lt;- readDNAStringSet("2019-07-25-1510_otus.fas")
lab &lt;- names(fas1)
labs &lt;- strsplit(lab, " ")
lab &lt;- sapply(labs, "[", 1)
lab &lt;- gsub("Otu", "SlikokOtu", lab)
names(fas1) &lt;- lab
wd &lt;- "D:/projects/Slikok_watershed/data/2016_arthropod_samples/NGS_data/work_space/2019-09-05_Arctos_upload"
setwd(wd)
writeXStringSet(fas1, "2019-09-10-0927_otus.fas")

## Otu table:
http://arctos.database.museum/media/10603661

## FASTA file:
http://arctos.database.museum/media/10603662

## Now trying to add media/specimen relationships.
a1 &lt;- read.csv("2019-09-10-0938_Arctos_download.csv")

## First for the OTU table...
MEDIA_URI &lt;- rep("https://web.corral.tacc.utexas.edu/arctos-s3/mbowser/2019-09-10/2019_09_10_0909_otu_table.txt", nrow(a1))
r1 &lt;- as.data.frame(MEDIA_URI)

r1$MIME_TYPE &lt;- "text/plain"

r1$MEDIA_TYPE &lt;- "text"

r1$media_relationship_1 &lt;- "shows cataloged_item"

r1$media_related_term_1 &lt;- a1$GUID

## Trying first record.
write.csv(r1[1,], "2019-09-10-0949_otu_table_relationships_1.csv", row.names=FALSE)
## That seemed to load, but it is just sitting in the media bulkloader staging table.
## That did not work.
## I see there is a form for just adding the identifiers via the edit media URI...
cat_num &lt;- as.numeric(gsub("UAMObs:Ento:", "", a1$GUID))
cat_num &lt;- paste(cat_num, collapse=",\n")
write(cat_num, "2019-09-10-1420_cat_nums.txt")
## That worked for both media files, uploading relationships in batches of 500 at a time.

## Downloaded AK checklist again.  It is now 8788 records. Provisional names included list is now 9204 records.

## Let us compare.
ch1 &lt;- read.csv("2019-09-06-1154_ArctosAK_arthropod_checklist_species.csv")
ch2 &lt;- read.csv("2019-09-10-1449_ArctosAK_arthropod_checklist_species.csv")
dim(ch1)
[1] 8648    6
dim(ch2)
[1] 8788    6

## How many additions?
nrow(ch2) - nrow(ch1)
[1] 140 ## WHAT?! That is a lot.  We know it is one high because of the Baeosciara scotica record.

nm1&lt;- levels(ch1$SCIENTIFIC_NAME)
nm2&lt;- levels(ch2$SCIENTIFIC_NAME)
subt &lt;- setdiff(nm1, nm2)
adns &lt;- setdiff(nm2, nm1)
subt
[1] "Haemophysalis leporispalustris" ## How did one go away?  ## Found it. Misspelling was updated.
adns
  [1] "Acrolyta rufocincta"           
  [2] "Aedes communis"                
  [3] "Aedes diantaeus"               
  [4] "Aedes excrucians"              
  [5] "Aedes fitchii"                 
  [6] "Aedes hexodontus"              
  [7] "Aedes intrudens"               
  [8] "Aedes pionips"                 
  [9] "Aedes punctor"                 
 [10] "Allodia czernyi"               
 [11] "Anacharis eucharoides"         
 [12] "Aperileptus infuscatus"        
 [13] "Aphidius salicis"              
 [14] "Atractodes alpestris"          
 [15] "Baeosciara scotica"            
 [16] "Balclutha rhenana"             
 [17] "Batrachedra praeangusta"       
 [18] "Betulaphis quadrituberculata"  
 [19] "Boletina digitata"             
 [20] "Boletina dissipata"            
 [21] "Boletina nitiduloides"         
 [22] "Boletina onegensis"            
 [23] "Bolitophila austriaca"         
 [24] "Bolitophila hybrida"           
 [25] "Bradysia moestula"             
 [26] "Bradysia vernalis"             
 [27] "Cacopsylla striata"            
 [28] "Callomyia proxima"             
 [29] "Caloptilia suberinella"        
 [30] "Camptochaeta hirtula"          
 [31] "Chamaemyia paludosa"           
 [32] "Cinara obscura"                
 [33] "Cinara pruinosa"               
 [34] "Clusiodes melanostomus"        
 [35] "Coelosia gracilis"             
 [36] "Coenosia campestris"           
 [37] "Coenosia morrisoni"            
 [38] "Coleophora glitzella"          
 [39] "Conchapelopia americana"       
 [40] "Corynoptera blanda"            
 [41] "Corynoptera subtrivialis"      
 [42] "Culicoides stilobezzioides"    
 [43] "Cylindrotoma distinctissima"   
 [44] "Dasyhelea modesta"             
 [45] "Dasyhelea turficola"           
 [46] "Diastata vagans"               
 [47] "Dicrotendipes modestus"        
 [48] "Dictyna uncinata"              
 [49] "Discobola annulata"            
 [50] "Drosophila affinis"            
 [51] "Drosophila neotestacea"        
 [52] "Ephedrus blattnyi"             
 [53] "Euclytia flava"                
 [54] "Euhybus triplex"               
 [55] "Exechia contaminata"           
 [56] "Exechia parva"                 
 [57] "Exechia unimaculata"           
 [58] "Fannia brooksi"                
 [59] "Fannia verrallii"              
 [60] "Haemaphysalis leporispalustris"
 [61] "Hebecnema nigra"               
 [62] "Helictes borealis"             
 [63] "Hemerobius kokaneeanus"        
 [64] "Hemerobius marginatus"         
 [65] "Hilara argentata"              
 [66] "Hydrotaea unispinosa"          
 [67] "Idiocerus elegans"             
 [68] "Idiocerus subnitens"           
 [69] "Illinoia menziesiae"           
 [70] "Lachesilla contraforcepeta"    
 [71] "Lathrapanteles heleios"        
 [72] "Lauterborniella agrayloides"   
 [73] "Limnophyes minimus"            
 [74] "Limotettix xanthus"            
 [75] "Lissonota sexcincta"           
 [76] "Macrocera stigma"              
 [77] "Macrosteles cristata"          
 [78] "Medina luctuosa"               
 [79] "Megaphthalmoides unilineatus"  
 [80] "Megaselia infraposita"         
 [81] "Megaselia longicostalis"       
 [82] "Megastylus orbitator"          
 [83] "Metopomyza interfrontalis"     
 [84] "Monopelopia tenuicalcar"       
 [85] "Mycetophila abiecta"           
 [86] "Mycetophila cruciator"         
 [87] "Mycomya maculata"              
 [88] "Mycomya nitida"                
 [89] "Mycomya pulchella"             
 [90] "Mycomya shermani"              
 [91] "Natarsia punctata"             
 [92] "Nearctaphis kachena"           
 [93] "Nematus leucopyga"             
 [94] "Neotelphusa praefixa"          
 [95] "Orthomiscus unicinctus"        
 [96] "Paraphaenocladius impensus"    
 [97] "Parornix obliterella"          
 [98] "Phaenopsectra punctipes"       
 [99] "Phasia robertsonii"            
[100] "Philodromus peninsulanus"      
[101] "Phora carlina"                 
[102] "Phronia nigripalpis"           
[103] "Phyllonorycter junoniella"     
[104] "Phytosciara flavipes"          
[105] "Pinalitus rostratus"           
[106] "Pipunculus luteicornis"        
[107] "Plectiscidea venusta"          
[108] "Plectiscus impurator"          
[109] "Polypedilum cultellatum"       
[110] "Polypedilum tritum"            
[111] "Proclitus ardentis"            
[112] "Proclitus paganus"             
[113] "Prosimulium minifulvum"        
[114] "Psectrocladius fennicus"       
[115] "Pseudolimnophila inornata"     
[116] "Rheotanytarsus pentapoda"      
[117] "Rhopalopterum carbonarium"     
[118] "Rhopalopterum soror"           
[119] "Rymosia pinnata"               
[120] "Scatopsciara neglecta"         
[121] "Sceptonia fumipes"             
[122] "Sciara townesi"                
[123] "Scrobipalpa clintoni"          
[124] "Sepedon pusilla"               
[125] "Spilogona forticula"           
[126] "Strongylogaster macula"        
[127] "Tanytarsus aigos"              
[128] "Tanytarsus recurvatus"         
[129] "Tanytarsus striatulus"         
[130] "Tipula penobscot"              
[131] "Tomosvaryella kuthyi"          
[132] "Trichonta hamata"              
[133] "Trichonta vitta"               
[134] "Xenochironomus xenolabis"      
[135] "Xenolechia aethiops"           
[136] "Ypsolopha senex"               
[137] "Zaphne implicata"              
[138] "Zeiraphera griseana"           
[139] "Zygomyia notata"               
[140] "Zygomyia pictipennis"          
[141] "Zygoneura sciarina"      
## Ok, many of these, e.g. Aedes sp. are name disagreements.

write.csv(adns, "2019-09-10-1512_possible_AK_additions.csv", row.names=FALSE)</pre>



</body></html>