<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>
    <link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <title>References</title>


</head>

<body class="references">

<h1>References</h1>
<!-- Use Zotero American Psychological Association 6th edition style -->

<div id="Bowseretal2019">Bowser, M. L., Burr, S. J., Davis, I., Dubois, G. D., Graham, E. E., Moan, J. E., &amp; Swenson, S. W. (2019). A test of metabarcoding for Early Detection and Rapid Response monitoring for non-native forest pest beetles (Coleoptera). Research Ideas and Outcomes, 5, e48536. <a href="https://doi.org/10.3897/rio.5.e48536">https://doi.org/10.3897/rio.5.e48536</a></div>


<div id="Csuzdietal2017">Csuzdi, C., Chang, C.-H., Pavlícek, T., Szederjesi, T. imea, Esopi, D., &amp; Szlávecz, K. (2017). Molecular phylogeny and systematics of native North American lumbricid earthworms (Clitellata: Megadrili). PLOS ONE, 12(8), 1–36. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0181504">https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0181504</a></div>

<div id="CsuzdiSzlavecz2003">Csuzdi, C., & Szlávecz, K. (2003). <i>Lumbricus friendi</i> Cognetti, 1904 a new exotic earthworm in North America. Northeastern Naturalist, 10(1), 77–82. <a href="https://doi.org/10.2307/3858674">https://doi.org/10.2307/3858674</a>
</div>

<div id="Dominuez2018">Jorge Domínguez ED1 - Sajal Ray. (2018). Earthworms and Vermicomposting. In Earthworms (p. Ch. 5). <a href="https://doi.org/10.5772/intechopen.76088">https://doi.org/10.5772/intechopen.76088</a>
</div>

<div id="Escherich1905">Escherich, K. (1905). Das system der lepismatiden. Zoologica, 43(18). <a href="https://doi.org/10.5962/bhl.title.7909">https://doi.org/10.5962/bhl.title.7909</a>
</div>

<div id="GatesReynolds2017">Gates, G. E., & Reynolds, J. W. (2017). Preliminary key to North American megadriles (Annelida, Oligochaeta), based on external characters, insofar as possible. Megadrilogica, 22(10), 201–219.
</div>

<div id="Griffiths1998">Griffiths, G. C. D. (1998). Anthomyiidae, Part 2, No. 12. In G. C. D. Griffiths (Ed.), Flies of the Nearctic Region (Vol. 8, pp. 1873–2120). Stuttgart: Schweizerbart.</div>

<div id="Gweonetal2015">Gweon, H. S., Oliver, A., Taylor, J., Booth, T., Gibbs, M., Read, D. S., … Schonrogge, K. (2015). PIPITS: an automated pipeline for analyses of fungal internal transcribed spacer sequences from the Illumina sequencing platform. Methods in Ecology and Evolution, 6(8), 973–980. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1111/2041-210X.12399">https://doi.org/10.1111/2041-210X.12399</a>
</div>

<div id="Gwiazdowskietal2013">Gwiazdowski, R. A., Elkinton, J. S., Dewaard, J. R., & Sremac, M. (2013). Phylogeographic Diversity of the Winter Moths Operophtera brumata and O. bruceata (Lepidoptera: Geometridae) in Europe and North America. Annals of the Entomological Society of America, 106(2), 143–151. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1603/AN12033">https://doi.org/10.1603/AN12033</a>
</div>

<div id="Hobby2018">Hobby, R. (2018). Tustumena Lake Sockeye Salmon Smolt Progress Report 2017. Retrieved from Cook Inlet Aquaculture Association website: <a href="http://www.ciaanet.org/Projects/2017%20TUSTUMENA%20%20RPT.pdf">http://www.ciaanet.org/Projects/2017%20TUSTUMENA%20%20RPT.pdf</a></div>

<div id="McCuneGrace2002">McCune, Bruce, & Grace, James B. (2002). Analysis of Ecological Communities. Gleneden Beach, Oregon: MjM Software Design.
</div>

<div id="MendesSchmid2010">Mendes, L. F., & Schmid, V. S. (2010). Description of <i>Allograssiella floridana</i> gen. Nov., spec. Nov. From the southern United States living with <i>Pseudomyrmex</i> ants. Spixiana, 33, 49–54.
</div>

<div id="NebekerGaufin1965">Nebeker, A. V., & Gaufin, A. R. (1965). The Capnia columbiana complex of North America (Capniidae: Plecoptera). Transactions of the American Entomological Society, 91(4), 467–487. <a href="https://doi.org/10.2307/25077905">https://doi.org/10.2307/25077905</a>
</div>

<div id="NebekerGaufin1967">Nebeker, A. V., & Gaufin, A. R. (1967). New Capnia from the Rocky Mountains (Plecoptera, Capniidae). Transactions of the American Entomological Society, 93(3), 235–247. <a href="https://doi.org/10.2307/25077936">https://doi.org/10.2307/25077936</a></div>

<div id="Nilssonetal2018">Nilsson, R. H., Glöckner, F. O., Saar, I., Tedersoo, L., Kõljalg, U., Abarenkov, K., … Picard, K. (2018). The UNITE database for molecular identification of fungi: Handling dark taxa and parallel taxonomic classifications. Nucleic Acids Research, 47(D1), D259–D264. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1093/nar/gky1022">https://doi.org/10.1093/nar/gky1022</a>
</div>

<div id="Nguyenetal2016">Nguyen, N. H., Song, Z., Bates, S. T., Branco, S., Tedersoo, L., Menke, J., … Kennedy, P. G. (2016). FUNGuild: An open annotation tool for parsing fungal community datasets by ecological guild. Fungal Ecology, 20, 241–248. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.funeco.2015.06.006">https://doi.org/10.1016/j.funeco.2015.06.006</a>
</div>

<div id="OpDeBeecketal2014">Op De Beeck, M., Lievens, B., Busschaert, P., Declerck, S., Vangronsveld, J., &amp; Colpaert, J. V. (2014). Comparison and Validation of Some ITS Primer Pairs Useful for Fungal Metabarcoding Studies. <i>PLOS ONE</i>, <i>9</i>(6), 1–11. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0097629">https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0097629</a></div>

<div id="Parsons1943">Parsons, C. T. (1943). A revision of Nearctic Nitidulidae (Coleoptera). Bulletin of the Museum of Comparative Zoölogy, 92, 121–278.</div>

<div id="Pohletal2018">Pohl, G. R., Landry, J.-F., Schmidt, B. C., Lafontaine, J. D., Troubridge, J. T., Macaulay, A. D., … Stead, K. (2018). Annotated checklist of the moths and butterflies (Lepidoptera) of Canada and Alaska. Retrieved from <a href="https://books.pensoft.net/book/13218/annotated-checklist-of-the-moths-and-butterflies-lepidoptera-of-canada-and-alaska">https://books.pensoft.net/book/13218/annotated-checklist-of-the-moths-and-butterflies-lepidoptera-of-canada-and-alaska</a>
</div>

<div id="Pruesseetal2007">Pruesse, E., Quast, C., Knittel, K., Fuchs, B. M., Ludwig, W., Peplies, J., & Glöckner, F. O. (2007). SILVA: a comprehensive online resource for quality checked and aligned ribosomal RNA sequence data compatible with ARB. Nucleic Acids Research, 35(21), 7188–7196. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1093/nar/gkm864">https://doi.org/10.1093/nar/gkm864</a></div>

<div id="Ratnasinghametal2013">Ratnasingham, S., & Hebert, P. D. N. (2013). A DNA-based registry for all animal species: The Barcode Index Number (BIN) system. PLoS ONE, 8(7), e66213. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0066213">https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0066213</a>
</div>
   
<div id="Richardsonetal2018">Richardson, R. T., Bengtsson-Palme, J., Gardiner, M. M., & Johnson, R. M. (2018). A reference cytochrome c oxidase subunit I database curated for hierarchical classification of arthropod metabarcoding data. PeerJ, 6, e5126. <a href="https://doi.org/10.7717/peerj.5126">https://doi.org/10.7717/peerj.5126</a></div> 
     
         
<div id="Rombkeetal2016">Römbke, J., Aira, M., Backeljau, T., Breugelmans, K., Domínguez, J., Funke, E., … Pfenninger, M. (2016). DNA barcoding of earthworms (<i>Eisenia fetida</i>/<i>andrei</i> complex) from 28 ecotoxicological test laboratories. Applied Soil Ecology, 104, 3–11. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.apsoil.2015.02.010">https://doi.org/10.1016/j.apsoil.2015.02.010</a>
</div>

<div id="Saltmarshetal2016">Saltmarsh, D. M., Bowser, M. L., Morton, J. M., Lang, S., Shain, D., & Dial, R. (2016). Distribution and abundance of exotic earthworms within a boreal forest system in southcentral Alaska. NeoBiota, 28, 67–86. <a href="https://doi.org/10.3897/neobiota.28.5503">https://doi.org/10.3897/neobiota.28.5503</a>
</div>

<div id="Sherlock2012">Sherlock, E. (2012). Key to the Earthworms of the UK and Ireland. FSC.
</div>

<div id="SkevingtonMarshall1998">Skevington, J., &amp; Marshall, S. A. (1998). Systematics of New World <i>Pipunculus</i> (Diptera: Pipunculidae). Lanham, Maryland: Entomological Society of America.</div>

<div id="StewartRicker1997">Stewart, K. W., & Ricker, W. E. (1997). Stoneflies (Plecoptera) of the Yukon. In Insects of the Yukon. Biological Survey of Canada Monograph Series 2 (pp. 201–222). Retrieved from <a href="http://www.biology.ualberta.ca/bsc/pdf/stewart.pdf">http://www.biology.ualberta.ca/bsc/pdf/stewart.pdf</a>
</div>

<div id="Tedersooetal2015">Tedersoo, L., Anslan, S., Bahram, M., Põlme, S., Riit, T., Liiv, I., … Abarenkov, K. (2015). Shotgun metagenomes and multiple primer pair-barcode combinations of amplicons reveal biases in metabarcoding analyses of fungi. MycoKeys, 10, 1–43. <a href="https://doi.org/10.3897/mycokeys">https://doi.org/10.3897/mycokeys</a>.10.4852
</div>

<div id="Tojuetal2012">Toju, H., Tanabe, A. S., Yamamoto, S., & Sato, H. (2012). High-Coverage ITS Primers for the DNA-Based Identification of Ascomycetes and Basidiomycetes in Environmental Samples. PLOS ONE, 7(7), 1–11. <a href="https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0040863">https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0040863</a>
</div>

<div id="TroubridgeFitzpatrick1993">Troubridge, J. T., & Fitzpatrick, S. M. (1993). A revision of the North American Operophtera (Lepidoptera:Geometridae). The Canadian Entomologist, 125(2), 379–397. <a href="https://doi.org/10.4039/Ent125379-2">https://doi.org/10.4039/Ent125379-2</a>
</div>

</body></html>